What’s inside
Effective January 1, 2023
Walmart 401(k) Plan effective February 1, 2023
Associate Stock Purchase Plan effective April 1, 2023
Medical plan
Pharmacy benefit
Dental plan
Vision plan
Disability plans
Life insurance
Version 1.5 | Nov. 2022
2023 Associate
Benefits Book
Summary Plan Descriptions
Walmart 401(k) Plan
Associate Stock Purchase Plan
…and much more
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
When you download the 2023 Associate Benefits Book from One.Walmart.com,
you’ll have answers to your benefit questions at your fingertips.
Just launch the PDF with Adobe Reader and click “Edit” on the toolbar. Then
click “Find,” and enter a word or phrase that describes what you’re looking for,
like “preventive” or “copay.” Easy!
Lots of information.
So easy to find.
Welcome to your
2023 Associate
Benefits Book
This is where you’ll find the Summary Plan Descriptions (SPDs)
for the Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan (the Plan) and the
Walmart 401(k) Plan.
The prospectus for the Associate Stock Purchase Plan is here, too.
Check out the table of contents for a complete list of what
you’ll find in this book. It’s a great resource to help you
understand your benefits.
Table of contents
Information obtained during communications with Walmart Inc. or any
Plan service provider does not waive any provision or limitation of
the Plan. Information given or statements made through any form of
communication do not guarantee payment of benefits. In addition,
benefits quotes that are given by phone are based wholly on the
information supplied at the time. If additional relevant information is
discovered, it may affect payment of your claim. All benefits are subject
to eligibility, payment of premiums, limitations, and all exclusions outlined
in the applicable Plan documents, including any insurance policies. You
can request a copy of the documents governing these plans by writing to:
Custodian of Records, People Services, 508 SW 8th Street, Bentonville,
Arkansas 72716‑3500.
Atención Asociados Hispanos: Este folleto contiene un resumen
en inglés de los derechos y beneficios para todos losasociados bajo el
plan de beneficios de Walmart. Si Ud tienedificultades para entender
cualquier parte de este folletopuede dirigirse a la siguiente dirección:
People Services, 508 SW 8th Street, Bentonville, Arkansas 72716‑3500.
O puede llamar para cualquier pregunta al 800‑421‑1362. Tenemos
asociados quienes hablan Español y pueden ayudarles a Ud comprender
sus beneficios de Walmart. El Libro de beneficios para asociados esta
disponible en Español. Si usted desea una copia en Español, favor de
ver su Representante de Personal.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates 4
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates for 62
associates in Hawaii
The medical plan 68
The pharmacy benefit 120
Health savings account (HSA) 128
The dental plan 136
The vision plan 146
Resources for Living® 152
COBRA 156
Full-time hourly short-term disability 164
Salaried short‑term disability plan 174
Truck driver short‑term disability plan 184
Full-time hourly and salaried long‑term disability 194
Truck driver long‑term disability 202
Company‑paid life insurance 210
Optional associate life insurance 216
Optional dependent life insurance 222
Business travel accident insurance 228
Accident insurance 234
Accidental death and dismemberment 242
(AD&D) insurance
Critical illness insurance 250
Claims and appeals 258
Legal information 280
The Walmart 401(k) Plan 294
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP) 322
For more information 334
The Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Eligibility, enrollment,
and effective dates
The Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan 6
Chapter overview 6
Associate eligibility 7
Part‑time hourly and temporary associates: eligibility checks for medical benefits 9
Dependent eligibility 18
Legal documentation for dependent coverage 19
Dependents who are not eligible 20
When your dependent becomes ineligible 20
When you enroll for benefits 20
When coverage is effective 21
If you leave the company and are rehired 23
Effective dates for benefits under the Plan 24
Enrollment and effective dates by job classification 24
Paying for your benefits 33
Keeping your premiums current 35
Permitted election changes outside Annual Enrollment 38
If your job classification changes 41
Transferring from one job classification to another 42
Medical child support orders 60
When your Plan coverage ends 61
If you (and/or your dependents) have Medicare or will become eligible for Medicare
in the next 12 months, a federal law gives you more choices about your prescription
drug coverage. See page 288 in the Legal information chapter for more details.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
5
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
• Enroll in Walmart benefits
• Notify People Services within 60
days of an election change event
Go to
One.Walmart.com/Enroll
Call People Services at 800-421-1362
Notify People Services if you have
questions about the payroll deductions
for your benefits
Call People Services at 800-421-1362
Pay premiums for benefits while on
a leave of absence
See the Keeping your premiums current section in
this chapter for detailed information. Failure to pay
your premiums to keep coverage current will result in
a cancellation of coverage. You may pay by credit or
debit card with a Visa, MasterCard, American Express,
or Discover card by going to One.Walmart.com/Enroll
and choosing “make a payment” or by calling
800-421-1362 and saying “make a payment.”
You may also send a check or money order payable to
the Associates’ Health and Welfare Trust to:
Walmart People Services
P.O. Box 1039
Department 3001
Lowell, Arkansas 72745
To ensure timely posting of your payment, be sure
to include your WIN (Walmart ID) number and work
location on the check.
What you need to know about eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
• Your job classification (or changes to your job classification) determines when your initial enrollment period begins.
If you are an hourly Hawaii associate, see the chapter titled Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates for associates
in Hawaii.
• You can enroll for benefits during your initial enrollment period as a newly eligible associate, during Annual Enrollment,
or when you have an election change event.
• You must enroll before your effective date. See the Enrollment and effective dates by job classification section of this
chapter for details.
• Medical, dental, vision, critical illness, accident, accidental death and dismemberment (AD&D), short‑term disability
enhanced, long‑term disability, and truck driver long‑term disability benefits cannot be changed, added, or dropped
outside an initial enrollment period, Annual Enrollment, or after you have an election change event.
• If you do not enroll in long‑term disability or truck driver long‑term disability benefits during your initial enrollment
period and then elect coverage at a later date as permitted by the Plan, you will be considered a “late enrollee” and will
have to provide Proof of Good Health.
• You may enroll in, drop, or change optional life insurance benefits at any time, but if you increase your coverage or
enroll after your initial enrollment period, you will have to provide Proof of Good Health.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
6
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The Associates’ Health and
Welfare Plan
Walmart Inc. (the company) sponsors the Associates’
Health and Welfare Plan (the Plan), which is a
comprehensive employee benefit plan that offers medical,
dental, vision, Resources for Living (employee assistance
and wellness), disability, life insurance, business travel
accident insurance, accident insurance, accidental death
and dismemberment insurance and critical illness insurance
benefits to eligible associates and their eligible family
members. Eligibility for these benefits is described in
this chapter, and the terms and conditions of the specific
benefits offered under the Plan are described in the
applicable chapters of this 2023 Associate Benefits Book.
You are enrolled automatically for certain benefits under
the Plan on your date of hire or a later date. For other
benefits, however, you must enroll to have coverage.
Refer to the Associate eligibility section in this chapter
for details about your eligibility, the Dependent eligibility
section in this chapter for information about dependent
eligibility, including which family members may be enrolled
for coverage, and the Enrollment and effective dates by
job classification section in this chapter for details about
initial enrollment periods and when coverage is effective,
for all benefits available under the Plan.
Eligibility for benefits and the terms and conditions of each
benefit are described in the Plan document and this 2023
Associate Benefits Book. To the extent that any information
provided to you through other sources, whether oral or
written, conflicts with the Plan document and this 2023
Associate Benefits Book, the terms in the 2023 Associate
Benefits Book will control. In the event of any conflict between
the terms of the Plan document and this 2023 Associate
Benefits Book, the terms of the Plan document will control.
If you wish to review the Plan document, please refer to the
Legal information chapter of this Associate Benefits Book,
which discusses your right to review the Plan Document.
Chapter overview
This chapter contains a lot of useful information that will
be important to you not just when you are first eligible
for benefits, but for as long as you are employed. In some
cases, information in this chapter and other chapters in the
Associate Benefits Book will be relevant even after you are
no longer employed (e.g., if you elect COBRA continuation
coverage). It contains all of the information you need about
what benefits you are eligible for; when you’re eligible;
what dependents you can cover; when you can enroll in, or
change, those benefits; when coverage is effective, how
premiums are paid; the impact of certain events on your
benefits eligibility; and when your coverage ends.
Depending on your situation, you might need to reference
information in this chapter at different times. To help you
focus on what information would be most helpful to you at
any given time, here is an overview to get you pointed in the
right direction:
1 YOUR EMPLOYMENT CLASSIFICATION
Your employment classification in the company’s payroll system has an impact on your benefits. See page 7.
2
BECOMING ELIGIBLE FOR BENEFITS
• When will you become eligible? Management and full-time hourly associates, see page 8;
part‑time hourly associates, see pages 7 & 9.
• Who can you cover? See page 18.
• When should you enroll? See page 24.
• When is your coverage effective? See page 24.
3
PAYING FOR YOUR BENEFITS
How do you pay for benefits? See page 33.
When do you have to make special arrangements to pay for your benefits? See page 35.
4
EVENTS THAT CAN AFFECT YOUR COVERAGE
What might impact your benefits?
• If you go on a leave of absence or become disabled—see page 35.
• A life event like a change in your family status—see page 38.
• An employment event like a change in your job status—see page 39.
• Special circumstances like a legal order or eligibility for a special enrollment period—see page 39.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
7
Associate eligibility
The benefits you are eligible to enroll in and when you are
eligible to enroll in them depend on a number of factors,
which may include your job classification in the company
payroll system, your date of hire, and average weekly hours.
In addition, for some benefits, you may be required to
meet an eligibility waiting period or provide Proof of Good
Health before benefits you enrolled in become effective.
See the Enrollment and effective dates by job classification
section in this chapter for a list of the benefits you are
eligible for and any waiting period or Proof of Good Health
requirements that may apply. Some benefits may have
waiting periods that apply to specific types of coverage.
A discussion of those waiting periods is included in the
respective benefit chapters in this Associate Benefits Book.
Our expectation is that you will provide correct and
accurate information when applying for or enrolling in
benefits. If you do not, you may be subject to the loss of
benefits and/or termination of employment. Additionally,
some insurers of insured benefits may retain the right, up
to two years after your coverage becomes effective, to
reexamine statements you make during the application
process. If material facts are found to have been stated
inaccurately, it may impact your eligibility for the benefit.
To review the company’s policy about intentional
dishonesty, refer to the Code of Conduct, which can be
found on One.Walmart.com. See the Legal documentation
for dependent coverage section later in this chapter for
information about documents that may be requested of you
to verify dependent eligibility.
FULL‑TIME HOURLY ASSOCIATE ELIGIBILITY
To be eligible to enroll in benefits as a full‑time hourly
associate, you must be classified in the company’s payroll
system as a full‑time hourly associate. This includes
pharmacists (except California pharmacists), full-time field
supply chain associates, and field supervisor positions in
stores and clubs, but excludes Vision Center managers.
California pharmacists are eligible for benefits under the
same terms as management associates. If you are a Vision
Center manager, see below.
If you are a full‑time hourly associate in Hawaii, refer to
the chapter titled Eligibility, enrollment, and effective
dates for associates in Hawaii for special eligibility rules for
medical and short-term disability benefits.
FULL‑TIME HOURLY VISION CENTER
MANAGER ELIGIBILITY
To be eligible to enroll in benefits as a Vision Center
manager, you must be classified in the company’s payroll
system as a full-time hourly Vision Center manager.
PART‑TIME HOURLY ASSOCIATE ELIGIBILITY
To be eligible to enroll in benefits as a part‑time hourly
associate, you must be classified in the company’s payroll
system as a part‑time hourly associate. If you are a part-time
truck driver, see below.
In addition to being classified in the company’s payroll
system as a part‑time hourly associate, to be eligible to
enroll in medical benefits, you must work an average of at
least 30 hours per week, with the following exceptions:
• Part‑time hourly pharmacists hired prior to February 1, 2012,
do not need to work a minimum number of hours per week.
• Part‑time hourly pharmacists hired on or after February 1,
2012, must work an average of at least 24 hours per week.
• Part‑time hourly associates in the field supply chain must
work an average of at least 24 hours per week.
• Part‑time hourly nurse practitioners must work an average
of at least 24 hours per week.
• Part‑time hourly associates in Hawaii are subject to
different eligibility rules for medical and short‑term
disability benefits. Refer to the chapter titled Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates for associates in Hawaii
for details.
If you are a part‑time hourly associate, the hours you work
will be reviewed to determine your eligibility for medical
benefits. If you become eligible for medical benefits during
your first 52 weeks of employment, you will also become
eligible for other voluntary benefits at the same time.
Otherwise, you will become eligible for other voluntary
benefits after you have been employed for 52 weeks,
regardless of whether you are eligible for medical benefits.
For more information, see the Part-time hourly and
temporary associates section in this chapter for details.
TEMPORARY ASSOCIATE ELIGIBILITY
To be eligible to enroll in benefits as a temporary associate,
you must be classified in the company’s payroll system as a
temporary associate.
In addition to being classified in the company’s payroll
system as a temporary associate, to be eligible to enroll in
medical benefits, you must work an average of at least 30
hours per week, with the following exceptions:
• Temporary hourly associates in the field supply chain must
work an average of at least 24 hours per week.
• Temporary associates in Hawaii are subject to different
rules. Refer to the chapter titled Eligibility, enrollment,
and effective dates for associates in Hawaii for details.
If you are a temporary associate, the hours you work will be
reviewed to determine your eligibility for medical benefits. 
8
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
If you become eligible for medical benefits during your
first 52 weeks of employment, you will also become eligible
for other voluntary benefits at the same time. Otherwise,
you will become eligible for other voluntary benefits
after you have been employed for 52 weeks, regardless of
whether you are eligible for medical benefits, subject to
Plan terms. For more information, see the section titled
Part‑time hourly and temporary associates: eligibility
checks for medical benefits.
PART‑TIME TRUCK DRIVER ELIGIBILITY
To be eligible to enroll in benefits as a part‑time truck
driver, you must be classified in the company’s payroll
system as a part‑time truck driver. You do not need to work
a minimum number of hours per week to be eligible to enroll
in medical benefits as a part‑time truck driver.
MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATE ELIGIBILITY
To be eligible to enroll in benefits as a management
associate, you must be classified in the company’s payroll
system as a management associate, management trainee,
California pharmacist, or full‑time truck driver.
ASSOCIATES WHO ARE NOT ELIGIBLE
Unless stated otherwise, you are not eligible for the Plan
if you fall in any of the following categories, even if you
are reclassified by a court, the IRS, or the Department of
Labor as a common‑law employee of the company or any
participating affiliate:
• A leased employee
• A nonresident alien (except that for purposes of optional
associate life insurance, optional dependent life insurance,
accidental death and disability insurance, and business
travel accident insurance, nonresident aliens classified
as full-time in the U.S. payroll system will be eligible; and
nonresident aliens covered under a specific insurance
policy for expatriates or third‑country nationals who are
employed by the company will be eligible, subject to the
terms of those policies)
• An independent contractor
• A consultant
• An associate residing outside the United States
• An individual who is not classified as an associate of the
company or its participating affiliates
• An associate who is enrolled in Medicare Part D (applicable
only to eligibility for medical plan options, including HMO
and the PPO Plan options), or
• An associate covered by a collective bargaining agreement,
to the extent that the agreement does not provide for
participation in a benefit offered under the Plan.
ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION FOR ADDITIONAL
ASSOCIATE CATEGORIES
Associates who enroll in medical benefits through an
HMO or PPO Plan option: HMO and PPO Plan medical
options are available for some work locations. The policies
and enrollment materials for HMO and PPO Plan options
may describe different eligibility requirements and waiting
periods than those described in this chapter. If there is
any difference between an HMO or the PPO Plan option’s
eligibility terms and the eligibility terms applicable to
medical coverage under the Plan as described in this
chapter, eligibility terms in this chapter will control.
In addition, some HMOs require participants to agree
to arbitration terms, where permitted by law, before
coverage under the HMO will become effective. If an HMO
is available in your area and you enroll, your agreement
must be received by the HMO within 60 days of your initial
enrollment, or your HMO coverage will not take effect. If
the HMO does not receive your agreement within 60 days,
you will not have medical coverage under the Associates’
Medical Plan (AMP) and will not be able to enroll again until
the next Annual Enrollment or until you have a valid election
change event, as described in the Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment section of this chapter.
Hawaii associates: If you are a full‑time hourly, part‑time
hourly, or temporary associate in Hawaii, special rules govern
medical and short-term disability benefits eligibility and
enrollment. See the chapter titled Eligibility, enrollment,
and effective dates for associates in Hawaii. If you are
a management associates in Hawaii, the eligibility and
enrollment terms described in this Eligibility, enrollment,
and effective dates chapter apply for all benefits.
Localized associates: If you have been approved by
the company as having localized status, you and your
dependents residing in the United States are eligible for the
same benefits under the Plan as associates who are United
States citizens residing and working in the United States.
Obtaining a Social Security number is not required to enroll
in benefits under the Plan. Any applicable waiting period is
waived. You are not eligible for expatriate coverage under
the Plan. If you are a localized associate and an eligible
dependent resides outside the United States, medical
claims will be processed as network claims regardless of
the provider’s network status and paid at the applicable
copay or coinsurance rate for network charges, subject to
applicable limitations and exclusions under the Plan. In that
case, you or your enrolled dependents must file a claim for
reimbursement under the Plan’s claims procedures.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
9
Part‑time hourly and temporary associates: eligibility checks for
medical benefits
If you are a part-time hourly or temporary associate, your eligibility to enroll in medical benefits will depend
on your average hours worked per week. In this section you will find descriptions of three different types of
eligibility checks conducted to determine initial and ongoing eligibility for medical and other voluntary benefits
for part‑time hourly and temporary associates. Those checks are as follows:
• During your first 52 weeks of employment: Hours are measured every 60‑days during your first 52 weeks of
employment to determine eligibility for medical and other voluntary benefits coverage during the first 52
weeks. See Your 60‑day eligibility checks during your first 52 weeks of employment in this section.
• At 52 weeks of employment: Hours worked over your entire first 52 consecutive weeks of employment
are measured one time, at the end of the 52 weeks, to determine eligibility for medical benefits. See Your
one‑time eligibility check at 52 weeks of employment in this section.
• After one year of employment: Hours worked during a 12-month period are measured each year to determine
eligibility for medical benefits in the next calendar year. See Your annual eligibility check in this section.
To check your hours for the current measurement period, go to the eligibility-by-hours tool (EBH) at
One.Walmart.com/EBH.
NOTE: The eligibility checks described in this section do not apply to part‑time hourly and temporary
associates in Hawaii. Refer to the chapter titled Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates for associates
in Hawaii for details.
YOUR 60‑DAY ELIGIBILITY CHECKS DURING
YOUR FIRST 52 WEEKS OF EMPLOYMENT
If you are a new part-time hourly or temporary associate,
the number of hours you work in the first 59 days of
your employment, beginning with your hire date, will be
measured on your 60th day of employment to determine
whether you have worked the required number of hours,
which is expressed as an average number per week, during
that measurement period to be eligible for medical and
other voluntary benefits. See below for your required
number of hours.
If you are a part-time
associate* in the company
system and are:
You must work this number
of hours in a measurement
period during your first
52 weeks of employment:
• A nurse practitioner
• An hourly pharmacist hired
on or after Feb. 1, 2012**
• In the field supply chain
An average of 24 hours
per week
All other part-time and
temporary associates
An average of 30 hours
per week
*Part-time hourly associates in Hawaii: refer to the chapter
titled Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates for
associates in Hawaii for details.
**Part-time hourly pharmacists hired before Feb. 1, 2012 do not
have an hours requirement.
If you work the required number of hours during your first
59 days of employment without a break in employment of
more than 30 days, you will be eligible to enroll in medical
and other voluntary benefits that are available to part-time
and temporary associates soon after the measurement
period ends. If eligible, your benefits will be effective on the
first day of the month in which your 89th day of employment
occurs, assuming you enroll before the end of your initial
enrollment period. If you work the required number of hours
in this 59‑day measurement period, your hours will not be
measured again during your first 52 weeks of employment,
even if you do not enroll in benefits during your initial
enrollment period. The next time your eligibility for medical
benefits will be checked is the annual eligibility check
described in Your annual eligibility check in this section.
EXAMPLE: If your date of hire is April 16, 2023, your
hours worked from that day through June 13, 2023 will be
measured on your 60th day of employment, which is June 14,
to determine whether you have worked the required number
of hours during that 59‑day measurement period. If you work
the required number of hours during this first measurement
period and you do not have a break in employment of more
than 30 days, you will be eligible to enroll in benefits that
are available to part‑time and temporary associates. If you
are eligible, your benefits will be effective on the first day
of the month in which your 89th day of employment
occurs, assuming you enroll before the end of your initial
enrollment period. Because your 89th day of employment
would be July 13, your benefits will be effective on July 1,
assuming you enroll before the end of your initial enrollment 
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
10
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
period. Your hours will not be measured again during your first
52 weeks of employment, even if you do not enroll during
your initial enrollment period. The next time your eligibility for
medical benefits will be checked is the annual eligibility check
described in Your annual eligibility check in this section.
If you do not work the required number of hours during your
first 59 days of employment, your hours will be measured
over the next 60 days of employment, with the first day of
this second measurement period being your 60th day of
employment. If you do work the required number of hours
during this second measurement period without a break in
employment of more than 30 days, you will be eligible to enroll
in medical and other voluntary benefits. If you are eligible,
your benefits will be effective on the first day of the month
in which your 89th day of employment occurs, as measured
from the first day of the applicable measurement period (in
this case, the second measurement period), assuming you
enroll before the end of your initial enrollment period. Your
hours will not be measured again during your first 52 weeks
of employment, even if you do not enroll in benefits during
your initial enrollment period. The next time your eligibility for
medical benefits will be checked is the annual eligibility check
described in Your annual eligibility check in this section.
EXAMPLE: If your date of hire is April 16, 2023, your hours
worked from that day through June 13, 2023, will be measured
on your 60th day of employment, June 14. If you do not work
the required number of hours over this 59-day measurement
period, the next measurement period will be the 60‑day period
that runs from June 14 through August 12. The hours you work
over this 60‑day measurement period will be measured on
August 13. If you work the required number of hours during
this second measurement period and you do not have a break
in employment of more than 30 days, you will be eligible to
enroll in benefits, which would be effective on the first day
of the month that contains the 89th day of employment,
counted from the first day of the second measurement
period, assuming you enroll before the end of your initial
enrollment period. Because the 89th day of employment,
beginning with June 14, occurs on September 10, your
benefits would be effective on September 1, 2023, assuming
you enroll before the end of your initial enrollment period.
Your hours will not be measured again during your first
52 weeks of employment, even if you do not enroll during
your initial enrollment period. The next time your eligibility
for medical benefits will be checked is the annual eligibility
check described in Your annual eligibility check in this section.
If you do not work the required number of hours during
the second measurement period, these 60‑day eligibility
checks will continue over each subsequent 60‑day
measurement period, with the first day of the third
measurement period being the day following the last day of
your second measurement period, and so on. The 60‑day
eligibility checks will continue until the earlier of the date
on which you are determined to have worked the required
number of hours during any 60‑day measurement period or
the date on which you have been employed for 52 weeks. If you
do not work the required number of hours in any measurement
period during your first 52 weeks of employment, your hours
will be checked at 52 weeks to determine whether you have
worked the required hours over your entire first 52 weeks of
employment. This one-time eligibility check is described in
Your one‑time eligibility check at 52 weeks of employment in
this section. There will be a maximum of six 60‑day eligibility
checks during your first 52 weeks of employment.
If you become eligible for benefits during your first 52 weeks
of employment as the result of working the required number
of hours in a 60-day measurement period, your eligibility
for medical benefits continues through the end of the
second calendar year following your date of hire (your
“medical coverage eligibility period”), assuming you remain
a part‑time hourly or temporary associate. In the example
above, the medical coverage eligibility period would continue
through the end of the 2025 calendar year, which is the end
of the second calendar year following your date of hire.
Your eligibility for the other voluntary benefits described
in the Enrollment and effective dates by job classification
section will continue as long as you remain a part‑time hourly
or temporary associate, subject to applicable Plan terms.
However, if you do not enroll in medical benefits when first
eligible and prior to the end of the initial enrollment period,
you will not be permitted to enroll in medical benefits during
the remainder of your medical coverage eligibility period
except during an Annual Enrollment period, or if you have
an election change event, as described in the Permitted
election changes outside Annual Enrollment section later in
this chapter. Likewise, if you do not enroll in most voluntary
benefits (other than optional life insurance) during your initial
enrollment period, you will also not be permitted to enroll
except during an Annual Enrollment period, or if you have an
election change event. Once eligible for voluntary benefits,
you may enroll in optional life insurance at any time. The next
time your eligibility for medical benefits will be checked is
the annual eligibility check described in Your annual eligibility
check in this section.
EXAMPLE: In the example above, your medical benefits
would continue through the end of 2025, unless you drop
coverage during the 2023 Annual Enrollment period (for the
2024 calendar year), or the 2024 Annual Enrollment period
(for the 2025 calendar year), or if you have an election change
event. If you do not elect medical coverage during your initial
enrollment period, your eligibility for medical benefits will still
continue through 2025. However, you will not be permitted to
change coverage except during an Annual Enrollment period,
or if you have an election change event. Your eligibility for the
other voluntary benefits will continue as long as you remain a
part‑time hourly or temporary associate, subject to applicable
Plan terms. However, if you do not enroll in most voluntary
benefits during your initial enrollment period, you will also not
be permitted to enroll except during an Annual Enrollment
period, or if you have an election change event. Once
eligible for voluntary benefits, you may enroll in optional life
insurance at any time.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
11
If you take time off during any 60‑day
measurement period
If you take any type of unpaid time off during any 60-day
measurement period, the total number of days of unpaid
time off in any 60-day measurement period will still be
used to determine whether you have worked the required
number of hours during that measurement period to be
eligible for medical coverage (even if you work no hours on
one or more days).
If your absence is an approved leave of absence recorded in
the company’s system as a leave of absence (including for
jury duty, Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 [“FMLA”]
leave, or military leave), the number of days during the
60-day measurement period that you were on an approved
leave of absence will not be considered in the measurement
of your hours. The determination of whether you have met
the required number of hours will be based on the number of
days during the 60‑day measurement period, less the number
of days that you were on an approved leave of absence. For
example, if you take an approved leave of absence during
five days of the 60‑day measurement period, your 60-day
eligibility check will include 55 days rather than 60.
If you leave the company during your first 52 weeks
of employment and are rehired
For purposes of the 60-day eligibility checks during your
first 52 weeks of employment, if you terminate employment
during that 52-week period and return to employment as
a part-time hourly or temporary associate within 30 days
after leaving, your eligibility for medical and other benefits
upon being rehired will be determined in accordance with
the rules in the chart below:
IF YOU LEAVE DURING YOUR FIRST 52 WEEKS OF EMPLOYMENT AND ARE REHIRED WITHIN 30 DAYS
If you had not passed
a 60-day eligibility
check prior to your
termination date
Rules applicable to the 60-day eligibility checks will continue to apply, based on your original hire date,
as if you had not terminated. The 60-day eligibility check for each measurement period will consider only
the days that you were employed during the measurement period.
For example, if you have a 10-day period of termination during a 60-day measurement period, the
60-day eligibility check for that period will consider only the 50 days you were employed during the
measurement period. However, if you took any time off during the period of employment, see If you
take time off during any 60‑day measurement period in this section.
If you had passed
a 60-day eligibility
check prior to your
termination date
You will retain your previous eligibility status for medical benefits through the end of your medical
coverage eligibility period. Your eligibility for the other voluntary benefits will continue as long as you
remain a part time hourly or temporary associate, subject to applicable Plan terms.
• If you were enrolled in medical or other voluntary benefits when you terminated, the coverage
that was in effect (or the most similar coverage offered under the Plan) on your termination date
will be reinstated, with a break in coverage during the period of your absence for which premiums
were not paid. Except as provided below, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms, you will
not be permitted to change the reinstated coverage (other than optional life) until the next Annual
Enrollment, or if you have an election change event, as described in the Permitted election changes
outside Annual Enrollment section in this chapter.
• Except as provided below, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms, if you were not enrolled in
medical or other voluntary benefits on your termination date, you may not enroll in those benefits
(other than optional life) when you return, until the next Annual Enrollment, or if you have an election
change event.
If you terminate in one calendar year after the Annual Enrollment period for the following calendar year
has ended and you return before December 31 of the year in which you terminated, changes you made
during the Annual Enrollment (or coverage you defaulted to because you did not make any changes
during Annual Enrollment) will be implemented.
If you terminate in one calendar year and return to work in the following calendar year and you fall into
one of the following categories, you may call People Services at 800-421-1362 to enroll in medical or
other voluntary benefits within 60 days of returning to work:
• You were eligible to enroll in benefits in the year you terminated but were not enrolled.
• You were eligible and enrolled in benefits in the year you terminated and would like to add a
dependent child (if applicable) in the year you return to work.
After this 60-day period, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms, you will not be permitted to
change your benefit elections (other than optional life) until the next Annual Enrollment, or if you have an
election change event, as described in the Permitted election changes outside Annual Enrollment section
in this chapter.
See the If you leave the company and are rehired section in The medical plan chapter for information on your deductible, out-of-pocket
maximum, HRA, and maximum lifetime benefit applicable to fertility benefits under the Centers of Excellence family building program,
if you terminate employment and then return to work. See the If you leave the company and are rehired section in The dental plan
chapter for information on your required minimum enrollment period, deductible, and waiting period for orthodontia assistance if you
terminate employment and then return to work.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
12
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms, if you are
rehired more than 30 days after leaving during your first
52 weeks of employment, you will be treated as a new
associate for purposes of the 60-day check for medical
and other voluntary benefits and will be subject to the
60‑day eligibility checks described in Your 60‑day eligibility
checks during your first 52 weeks of employment in this
section, even if you had passed a 60-day eligibility check
prior to your termination date. However, if you return to
employment less than 13 weeks from your termination
date, see Your one‑time eligibility check at 52 weeks of
employment and Your annual eligibility check in this section
for information about how your break in service is treated
for purposes of those eligibility checks.
YOUR ONE‑TIME ELIGIBILITY CHECK AT
52 WEEKS OF EMPLOYMENT
If you are a part-time hourly or temporary associate
and were not offered medical coverage during your
first 52 weeks of employment because you did not
work the required number of hours in any 60-day
measurement period to be eligible for medical and other
voluntary benefits, your eligibility for medical benefits
will be checked again at 52 weeks of employment. The
measurement period for the one-time check is the entire
52 consecutive weeks beginning on your date of hire and
is referred to in this section as the “initial measurement
period.” Hours worked during the initial measurement
period will be measured to determine whether you have
worked the required number of hours, which is expressed
as an average number per week, to be eligible for medical
benefits. See below for your required number of hours.
If you are a part-time
associate* in the company
system and are:
You must work this number
of hours during your initial
measurement period:
• A nurse practitioner
• An hourly pharmacist hired
on or after Feb. 1, 2012**
• In the field supply chain
An average of 24 hours
per week
All other part-time and
temporary associates
An average of 30 hours
per week
*Part-time hourly associates in Hawaii: refer to the chapter
titled Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates for
associates in Hawaii for details.
**Part-time hourly pharmacists hired before Feb. 1, 2012 do not
have an hours requirement.
If you work the required number of hours during your initial
measurement period without a break in employment of
13 weeks or more, you will be eligible to enroll in medical
benefits. If eligible, your benefits will be effective on the
first day of the second calendar month following your
one‑year anniversary date, assuming you enroll before
the end of your initial enrollment period. You may also be
eligible for several other voluntary benefits, regardless
of whether you work the required number of hours to be
eligible for medical benefits, subject to applicable Plan
terms. See the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section later in this chapter for other benefits
you may be eligible for.
EXAMPLE: If your date of hire is April 16, 2022, your hours
worked from that day through April 15, 2023 will be measured
to determine whether you have worked the required number
of hours during the initial measurement period. If you work
the required number of hours during this initial measurement
period and you do not have a break in employment of 13
weeks or more, you will be eligible to enroll in medical
benefits. You will also be eligible to enroll in other voluntary
benefits that are available to part-time and temporary
associates, subject to applicable Plan terms. In this example,
all benefits you enroll in would be effective on June 1, 2023,
which is the first day of the second calendar month following
your one‑year anniversary date, April 16, 2023.
If you do not work the required number of hours during
your initial measurement period to be eligible for medical
benefits, your eligibility for medical benefits will be
checked again at the annual eligibility check that follows
your initial measurement period, as described in Your
annual eligibility check in this section. If you had not
passed the one-time check at 52 weeks of employment
in the example above, your first annual eligibility check
for medical benefits would be in the fall of 2023 for
2024 medical coverage. You may still be eligible for other
voluntary benefits that are available to part-time and
temporary associates, regardless of whether you work
the required number of hours to be eligible for medical
benefits, subject to applicable Plan terms. See the
Enrollment and effective dates by job classification section
in this chapter for other benefits you may be eligible for.
If you become eligible for benefits as a result of the
one‑time check at 52 weeks of employment, your
eligibility for medical benefits continues through the
end of the second calendar year following your date of
hire, regardless of whether you actually enroll in medical
coverage (your “medical coverage eligibility period”),
subject to any applicable Plan terms and assuming you
remain a part-time hourly or temporary associate. In the
example above, the medical coverage eligibility period
would continue through the end of the 2024 calendar year.
Your eligibility for the other voluntary benefits described
in the Enrollment and effective dates by job classification
section later in this chapter will continue as long as you
remain a part‑time hourly or temporary associate, subject
to applicable Plan terms. However, if you do not enroll in
medical benefits when first eligible and prior to the end
of your initial enrollment period, you will not be permitted
to enroll in medical benefits during the remainder of your
medical coverage eligibility period except during an Annual 
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
13
Enrollment period, or if you have an election change event,
as described in the Permitted election changes outside
Annual Enrollment section later in this chapter. Likewise,
if you do not enroll in most voluntary benefits (other than
optional life insurance) during your initial enrollment period,
you will also not be permitted to enroll except during an
Annual Enrollment period, or if you have an election change
event. Once eligible for voluntary benefits, you may enroll
in optional life insurance at any time. Your eligibility for
medical benefits will not be checked again until the annual
check that occurs in the final year of your medical coverage
eligibility period, as described in Your annual eligibility
check in this section.
If you take time off during the initial
measurement period
If you take any type of unpaid time off during the initial
measurement period, the total number of weeks of unpaid
time off in the initial measurement period will still be
used to determine whether you have worked the required
number of hours during the initial measurement period to
be eligible for medical benefits (even if you work no hours
in one or more weeks).
If your absence is an approved leave of absence recorded in
the company’s system as a leave of absence (including for
jury duty, Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 [“FMLA”]
leave, or military leave), the number of weeks during the
initial measurement period that you were on an approved
leave of absence will not be considered in the measurement
of your hours. The determination of whether you have
met the required number of hours will be based on the
number of weeks during the initial measurement period,
less the number of weeks that you were on an approved
leave of absence. For example, if you take an approved
leave of absence of two weeks during the 52‑week initial
measurement period, your average hours worked will be
calculated over 50 weeks rather than 52.
If you leave the company and are rehired
For purposes of the one-time eligibility check, if you
terminate employment and return to employment as a
part‑time hourly or temporary associate less than 13 weeks
from your termination date, your eligibility for medical and
other benefits upon being rehired will be determined in
accordance with the rules in the chart below:
IF YOU: AND ARE REHIRED LESS THAN 13 WEEKS FROM YOUR TERMINATION DATE: (CONTINUED)
Terminated during your initial
measurement period
You will be treated as if you had not left, for the remainder of the initial measurement period. All
hours worked during the initial measurement period will be used to determine your eligibility for
medical benefits as a result of the one-time eligibility check.
For example, if you have a four-week break in service during the 52-week initial measurement
period, your average hours will be calculated using the 48 weeks during which you were employed,
rather than 52 weeks. If you took any time off during the initial measurement period, see If you
take time off during the initial measurement period in this section.
Terminated after your initial
measure measurement
period, and
Were eligible for medical
benefits but rehired after
the end of the medical
coverage eligibility period, or
Were not eligible for
medical benefits when
you terminated
Your eligibility for medical and other voluntary benefits will be determined as described in Your
annual eligibility check in this section.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
14
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
IF YOU: AND ARE REHIRED LESS THAN 13 WEEKS FROM YOUR TERMINATION DATE: (CONTINUED)
Terminated after your initial
measurement period, and
Were eligible for medical
benefits when you
terminated, and
Rehired before the end
of the medical coverage
eligibility period
You will retain your previous eligibility status for medical benefits through the end of your
medical coverage eligibility period. Your eligibility for the other voluntary benefits will continue
as long as you remain a part time hourly or temporary associate, subject to applicable Plan terms.
Any coverage that was in effect (or the most similar coverage offered under the Plan) on your
termination date will be reinstated, with a break in coverage during the period of your absence for
which premiums were not paid, subject to the following terms:
If you return within 30 days of your termination date:
• Except as provided below, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms, if you were enrolled
in medical or other voluntary benefits when you terminated, you will not be permitted to
change the reinstated coverage (other than optional life) until the next Annual Enrollment, or
if you have an election change event, as described in the Permitted election changes outside
Annual Enrollment section in this chapter.
• Except as provided below, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms, if you were not
enrolled in medical or other voluntary benefits on your termination date, you may not enroll in
those benefits (other than optional life) when you return, until the next Annual Enrollment, or if
you have an election change event.
• If you terminate in one calendar year after the Annual Enrollment period for the following
calendar year has ended and you return before December 31 of the year in which you
terminated, changes you made during the Annual Enrollment (or coverage you defaulted to
because you did not make any changes during Annual Enrollment) will be implemented.
• If you terminate in one calendar year and return to work in the following calendar year and you
fall into one of the following categories, you may call People Services at 800-421-1362 to enroll
in medical or other voluntary benefits within 60 days of returning to work:
–You were not eligible to enroll in benefits in the year you terminated but are eligible in the year
you return to work
–You were eligible to enroll in benefits in the year you terminated but were not enrolled
–You were eligible and enrolled in benefits in the year you terminated and would like to add a
dependent child (if applicable) in the year you return to work
If you return after 30 days but less than 13 weeks from your termination date, you will have 60
days after returning to drop or otherwise change the reinstated coverage, subject to otherwise
applicable Plan terms. After this 60-day period, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms,
you will not be permitted to change your benefit elections (other than optional life), until the next
Annual Enrollment, or if you have an election change event, as described in the Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment section in this chapter.
See the If you leave the company and are rehired section in The medical plan chapter for information on your deductible, out-ofpocket maximum, HRA, and maximum lifetime benefit applicable to fertility benefits under the Centers of Excellence family-building
program if you terminate employment and then return to work. See the If you leave the company and are rehired section in The dental
plan chapter for information on your required minimum enrollment period, deductible, and waiting period for orthodontia assistance if
you terminate employment and then return to work.
If you return as a part-time or temporary associate 13 weeks or more from your termination date, you will be treated as a
new associate and will be subject to the 60‑day eligibility checks described in Your 60‑day eligibility checks during your first
52 weeks of employment in this section, subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms.
If you have questions about the calculation of hours for the eligibility checks, call People Services at 800-421-1362.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
15
YOUR ANNUAL ELIGIBILITY CHECK
If you are a part-time or temporary associate and have been
employed for longer than 52 consecutive weeks, without
a break in employment of 13 weeks or more, your hours
will be checked annually to determine whether you have
worked the required number of hours, which is expressed
as an average number per week, to be eligible for medical
benefits in the next calendar year. The measurement
period for the annual check described in this section will
be a 52‑week period preceding an annually designated
date in early October and is referred to as the “annual
measurement period.” You will be subject to the annual
eligibility check each year to determine your eligibility for
medical benefits in the next calendar year, provided you
remain a part‑time hourly or temporary associate. See
below for your required number of hours.
If you were eligible for medical benefits as the result of the
60-day or one-time eligibility checks described above, your
first annual eligibility check will be the annual check that
occurs the year in which your medical coverage eligibility
period (as defined above) ends.
If you are a part-time
associate* in the company
system and are:
You must work this number
of hours during the annual
measurement period:
• A nurse practitioner
• An hourly pharmacist hired
on or after Feb. 1, 2012**
• In the field supply chain
An average of 24 hours
per week
All other part-time and
temporary associates
An average of 30 hours
per week
*Part-time hourly associates in Hawaii: refer to the chapter
titled Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates for
associates in Hawaii for details.
**Part-time hourly pharmacists hired before Feb. 1, 2012 do not
have an hours requirement.
If you do work the required number of hours during your
annual measurement period without a break in employment
of 13 weeks or more, you will be eligible to enroll in medical
benefits at Annual Enrollment. If eligible, your benefits will
be effective on January 1 of the following calendar year.
If you do become eligible for benefits as a result of the
annual check, your eligibility for medical benefits continues
through December 31 of the year in which it is effective,
regardless of whether you actually enroll in medical
benefits, subject to any applicable Plan terms and assuming
you remain a part-time hourly or temporary associate.
However, if you do not enroll in medical benefits during
the Annual Enrollment period, you will not be permitted
to enroll in medical benefits during the next calendar year
unless you have an election change event, as described in
the Permitted election changes outside Annual Enrollment
section later in this chapter. Your eligibility for medical
benefits will not be checked again until the next annual
eligibility check, provided you remain a part-time hourly or
temporary associate.
If you do not work the required number of hours during
your annual measurement period to be eligible for medical
benefits, your eligibility for medical benefits will not be
checked again until the next annual eligibility check, provided
you remain a part-time hourly or temporary associate.
If you are enrolled in medical benefits in the current
calendar year but did not work the required number of
hours to be eligible for medical benefits in the following
calendar year, you will not be eligible for medical benefits
for the following year unless your job classification changes
and you meet the eligibility requirements based on your
new classification. However, you will have the option under
the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act
(COBRA) to continue your medical coverage when the
current calendar year ends. (See the COBRA chapter for
more information.)
You may also be eligible for other voluntary benefits,
regardless of whether you work the required number
of hours to be eligible for medical benefits, subject to
applicable Plan terms. See the Enrollment and effective
dates by job classification section for other benefits you
may be eligible for.
If you take time off during the annual
measurement period
If you take any type of unpaid time off during the annual
measurement period, the total number of weeks of unpaid
time off in the annual measurement period will still be
used to determine whether you have worked the required
number of hours during the annual measurement period to
be eligible for medical benefits (even if you work no hours
in one or more weeks).
If your absence is an approved leave of absence recorded in
the company’s system as a leave of absence (including for
jury duty, Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 [“FMLA”]
leave, or military leave), the number of weeks during the
annual measurement period that you were on an approved
leave of absence will not be considered in the measurement
of your hours. The determination of whether you have met
the required number of hours will be based on the number
of weeks during the annual measurement period, less the
number of weeks that you were on an approved leave of
absence. For example, if you take an approved leave of
absence of two weeks during the annual measurement
period, your average hours worked will be calculated over
50 weeks rather than 52.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
16
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
If you leave the company and are rehired
For purposes of the annual eligibility check, if you terminate
employment and are rehired as a part-time or temporary
associate less than 13 weeks from your termination date, you
will be treated as if you had not left. All hours worked during
an annual measurement period will be used to determine your
eligibility for medical benefits for the following year. Your
eligibility for medical and other voluntary benefits upon being
rehired less than 13 weeks from your termination date will be
determined in accordance with the rules in the chart below:
IF YOU: AND ARE REHIRED LESS THAN 13 WEEKS FROM YOUR TERMINATION DATE: (CONTINUED)
Are not eligible for medical
benefits in the year you are
rehired but are eligible for
other voluntary benefits
Your eligibility for medical benefits will not be measured again until the next annual eligibility check.
You will retain your previous eligibility status for voluntary (non-medical) benefits as long as you
remain a part time hourly or temporary associate, subject to applicable Plan terms. Any coverage
that was in effect (or the most similar coverage offered under the Plan) on your termination date
will be reinstated, with a break in coverage during the period of your absence for which premiums
were not paid, subject to the following terms:
If you return within 30 days of your termination date:
• Except as provided below, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms, if you were enrolled
in voluntary (non-medical) benefits when you terminated, you will not be permitted to change
the reinstated coverage (other than optional life) until the next Annual Enrollment, or if you
have an election change event, as described in the Permitted election changes outside Annual
Enrollment section in this chapter.
• Except as provided below, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms, if you were not
enrolled in voluntary (non-medical) benefits on your termination date, you may not enroll in
those benefits (other than optional life) when you return, until the next Annual Enrollment, or if
you have an election change event.
• If you terminate in one calendar year after the Annual Enrollment period for the following
calendar year has ended and you return before December 31 of the year in which you terminated,
changes you made during the Annual Enrollment (or coverage you defaulted to because you did
not make any changes during Annual Enrollment) will be implemented.
• If you terminate in one calendar year and return to work in the following calendar year and you
fall into one of the following categories, you may call People Services at 800-421-1362 to enroll
in voluntary (non-medical) benefits within 60 days of returning to work:
–You were not eligible to enroll in benefits in the year you terminated but are eligible in the year
you return to work
–You were eligible to enroll in benefits in the year you terminated but were not enrolled
–You were eligible and enrolled in benefits in the year you terminated and would like to add a
dependent child (if applicable) in the year you return to work
If you return after 30 days but less than 13 weeks from your termination date, subject to otherwise
applicable Plan terms, you will have 60 days after returning to drop or otherwise change the
reinstated coverage. After this 60-day period, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms,
you will not be permitted to change your benefit elections (other than optional life), until the next
Annual Enrollment, or if you have an election change event, as described in the Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment section in this chapter.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
17
IF YOU: AND ARE REHIRED LESS THAN 13 WEEKS FROM YOUR TERMINATION DATE: (CONTINUED)
Are eligible for medical and
other voluntary benefits in
the year you are rehired
You will retain your previous eligibility status for medical benefits through the end of your
medical coverage eligibility period. Your eligibility for the other voluntary benefits will continue
as long as you remain a part-time hourly or temporary associate, subject to applicable Plan terms.
Any coverage that was in effect (or the most similar coverage offered under the Plan) on your
termination date will be reinstated, with a break in coverage during the period of your absence for
which premiums were not paid, subject to the following terms:
If you return within 30 days of your termination date:
• Except as provided below, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms, if you were enrolled in
medical or other voluntary benefits when you terminated, you will not be permitted to change
the reinstated coverage (other than optional life), until the next Annual Enrollment, or if you
have an election change event, as described in the Permitted election changes outside Annual
Enrollment section in this chapter.
• Except as provided below, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms, if you were not
enrolled in medical or other voluntary benefits on your termination date, you may not enroll in
those benefits (other than optional life) when you return, until the next Annual Enrollment, or if
you have an election change event.
• If you terminate in one calendar year after the Annual Enrollment period for the following
calendar year has ended and you return before December 31 of the year in which you terminated,
changes you made during the Annual Enrollment (or coverage you defaulted to because you did
not make any changes during Annual Enrollment) will be implemented.
– If you terminate in one calendar year and return to work in the following calendar year and you
fall into one of the following categories, you may call People Services at 800-421-1362 to enroll in
medical or other voluntary benefits within 60 days of returning to work:
–You were not eligible to enroll in benefits in the year you terminated but are eligible in the year
you return to work
–You were eligible to enroll in benefits in the year you terminated but were not enrolled
–You were eligible and enrolled in benefits in the year you terminated and would like to add a
dependent child (if applicable) in the year you return to work
If you return after 30 days but less than 13 weeks from your termination date, subject to otherwise
applicable Plan terms, you will have 60 days after returning to drop or otherwise change the
reinstated coverage. After this 60-day period, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms,
you will not be permitted to change your benefit elections (other than optional life), until the next
Annual Enrollment, or if you have an election change event, as described in the Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment section in this chapter.
See the If you leave the company and are rehired section in The medical plan chapter for information on your deductible, out-of-pocket
maximum, HRA, and maximum lifetime benefit applicable to fertility benefits under the Centers of Excellence family building program,
if you terminate employment and then return to work. See the If you leave the company and are rehired section in The dental plan
chapter for information on your required minimum enrollment period, deductible and waiting period for orthodontia assistance if you
terminate employment and then return to work.
If you return as a part-time or temporary associate 13 weeks or more from your termination date, you will be treated as a new
associate and will be subject to the 60 day eligibility checks described in the Your 60‑day eligibility checks during your first
52 weeks of employment section, subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms.
If you have questions about the calculation of hours for the eligibility checks, call People Services at 800-421-1362.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
18
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Dependent eligibility
If you are a management or full‑time hourly associate and are eligible for benefits under the Plan, you may also enroll all
eligible dependents as described below. For purposes of the Associate Benefits Book, the term “dependent” includes your
spouse/partner. If you are a part‑time hourly or temporary associate or a part‑time truck driver, and you are eligible for benefits
under the Plan, you may enroll only your dependent child(ren) in addition to yourself; you may not enroll your spouse/partner.
EMPLOYMENT CLASSIFICATION ELIGIBLE DEPENDENTS (AS DEFINED BELOW)
• Management
• Full-time hourly
Can elect to cover:
• Spouse/partner
• Dependent child(ren)
• Part-time hourly
• Temporary
• Part-time truck driver
Can elect to cover:
• Dependent child(ren)
But not spouse/partner
DEFINITIONS: ELIGIBLE DEPENDENTS*
Dependents not described in this chart are not eligible dependents.
SPOUSE/PARTNER
Part-time hourly
and temporary
associates may
not cover a
spouse/partner
• Your spouse, as long as you are not legally separated
• Your domestic partner (or “partner”), as long as you and your domestic partner:
–Are in an exclusive and committed relationship similar to marriage and have been for at least 12 months
–Are not married to each other or anyone else
–Meet the age for marriage in your home state and are mentally competent to consent to contract
–Are not related in a manner that would bar a legal marriage in the state in which you live, and
–Are not in the relationship solely for the purpose of obtaining benefits coverage.
• Any other person to whom you are joined in a legal relationship recognized as creating some or all of the
rights of marriage in the state or country in which the relationship was created (also referred to as “partner”)
DEPENDENT
CHILD(REN)
• Your dependent children through the end of the month in which the child reaches age 26. Your
dependent children are:
–Your natural children
–Your adopted children or children placed with you for adoption
–Your stepchildren or children of your eligible partner, provided however:
• Eligibility will end upon divorce or change in partner status, even if the child is under age 26
• Eligibility will end upon death of your spouse or partner, if the child is under 18, or
• Eligibility will continue until age 26 in the event of the death of your spouse or partner, if at the time
of death: i) the child has attained age 18, and ii) the child is enrolled in the Plan.
–Your foster children
– Someone for whom you have legal custody or legal guardianship, provided he or she is living as a member
of your household and you provide more than half of his or her support.
*Even if your dependent otherwise falls into a category in this chart, there may be instances where that dependent is not eligible for
coverage for other reasons. See the section titled Dependents who are not eligible later in this chapter. 
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
19
If an individual is your eligible dependent and ceases to
satisfy the definition of eligible dependent, that individual
will no longer be eligible for coverage under the Plan
and you are required to report the change in status.
See When your dependent becomes ineligible later in
this chapter for information. If you fail to report the
change, you may be subject to the loss of benefits and/or
termination of employment.
If a court order requires you to provide medical, dental,
and/or vision coverage for your child, the child must be an
eligible dependent as defined above. For more information
on how the Plan handles a medical child support order, see
Medical child support orders later in this chapter.
If you are enrolled for medical coverage in a local plan
option, HMO option, or the PPO Plan option, note that
these options do not offer out‑of‑network coverage and
do not offer nationwide provider networks. If you have an
eligible dependent living outside your medical plan option’s
service area, you may still enroll your eligible dependents,
but they will not have access to network providers in the
geographic area in which they live and may have access only
to emergency coverage. If you are unsure whether your
eligible dependent lives outside your AMP option’s service
area, call your health care advisor at the number on your
plan ID card.
IF YOUR CHILD IS INCAPABLE OF
SELF‑SUPPORT
If your child is enrolled in coverage under the AMP, you may
continue the child’s coverage beyond the end of the month
in which your child reaches age 26 if:
• The child is physically or mentally incapable of self‑support
and primarily dependent on you for legal support, and
• The child’s doctor provides written medical evidence of
the child’s incapacity.
Additional coverage may be added if your child experiences
a valid election change event. For information regarding
an election change event, refer to the Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment section of this chapter.
Legal documentation for
dependent coverage
The Plan reserves the right to conduct a verification audit of
dependent eligibility. You may be required to provide legal
documentation to prove the eligibility of your dependent. It
is your responsibility to provide the written documentation
if requested to do so by the Plan. If you do not provide
necessary documentation in a timely manner, the Plan has
the right to cancel your dependent’s coverage. It is your
responsibility to notify the Plan of any changes in your
dependent’s eligibility.
Examples of valid documentation are as follows:
Spouse: Copy of marriage certificate or registration of
informal marriage through county or state. If your marriage
did not occur in the current calendar year, a copy of your
jointly filed federal tax return from the most recent tax
season is also required, or both of your tax returns if you
file separately.
Domestic partner: Copy of domestic partner affidavit
(signed by you and your partner) or civil union or domestic
partner registration and one of the following documents as
proof of your relationship:
• Proof of shared residence via joint mortgage statement or
rental agreement
• Automobile title or registration showing joint ownership of
vehicle
• Joint checking, bank, or investment account statement*
• Joint credit account statement*
• Joint utility bill*
• Will and/or life insurance policy which designates the other
as the primary beneficiary
*These documents must be dated within 60 days of the
documentation request.
Children: Copy of the following documents, as applicable:
• Natural child or legally adopted child: State or
county‑issued birth certificate showing associate’s name
or signed court order.
• Stepchild: State or county‑issued birth certificate showing
parents’ names and copy of marriage certificate. If your
marriage did not occur in the current calendar year, a
copy of your jointly filed federal tax return from the most
recent tax season is also required, or both of your tax
returns if you file separately.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
20
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
within 60 days from the date your dependent loses
coverage or the date of the election notice, if later.
See the COBRA chapter for more information.
Failure to notify the Plan by calling People Services
at 800-421-1362 when your dependent becomes
ineligible for coverage may be considered an intentional
misrepresentation of material facts, which may result in
your coverage being canceled. If your dependent becomes
ineligible for coverage and you fail to notify the Plan by
calling People Services, you may be responsible for any
charges mistakenly paid by the Plan after the date that your
dependent became ineligible.
When you enroll for benefits
NOTE: Unless you are categorized as a management
associate or a full-time hourly Vision Center manager, you
must enroll before your effective date. See When coverage
is effective on the following page, and the Enrollment and
effective dates by job classification section later in this
chapter for details.
You must enroll for benefits during your “initial enrollment
period.” Your “initial enrollment period” is the first time you
are eligible to enroll. The timing of your initial enrollment
period varies by job classification and may change if your
job classification changes, provided you have not already
had an “initial enrollment period” while you were in the
role that you transfer from. For more information, see
Enrollment and effective dates by job classification later
in this chapter and refer to the chart that applies to your
job classification. If you do not enroll during your initial
enrollment period, you will not be able to enroll for the
following benefits until the next Annual Enrollment, unless
you experience an election change event, as described in
the Permitted election changes outside Annual Enrollment
section of this chapter:
• Medical, including HMO and PPO Plan options (subject to
the eligibility checks described in the section earlier in this
chapter titled Part‑time hourly and temporary associates:
eligibility checks for medical benefits)
• Dental
• Vision
• Short‑term disability enhanced plan
• Long-term disability (LTD) or truck driver LTD (see
important exception regarding “late enrollees” below)
• Critical illness insurance
• Accident insurance
• Accidental death and dismemberment (AD&D)
• Child of your domestic partner/partner: State or
county‑issued birth certificate and proof of established
domestic partnership/partnership.
• Foster child: Signed letter from social service agent
confirming the child has been placed under your care.
• Child you have legal guardianship of: Signed court order.
• Child you are ordered by a court or agency to cover:
Signed qualified medical child support order. See Medical
child support orders later in this chapter.
NOTE: In certain cases you may be required to complete an
affidavit as well.
Dependents who are not eligible
Your dependent is not eligible for coverage under the Plan
if he or she is:
• Residing outside the U.S. (not applicable to optional
dependent life insurance, AD&D, critical illness, and
accident insurance, and not applicable if your dependent is
attending college full‑time outside the U.S.)
• Covered under an expatriate plan
• Not an eligible dependent as defined under Dependent
eligibility earlier in this chapter
• A Walmart associate already enrolled in coverage under
the Plan (not applicable to optional dependent life
insurance, AD&D, critical illness, and accident insurance)
• A dependent of another Walmart associate and already
enrolled in coverage under the Plan (not applicable to
optional dependent life insurance, AD&D, critical illness,
and accident insurance)
• Enrolled in Medicare Part D (applicable only to eligibility for
AMP options, including HMO and the PPO Plan options)
• On active duty in the armed forces of any country (applies
only to optional life insurance or accidental death and
dismemberment insurance).
When your dependent
becomes ineligible
If your dependent is enrolled in coverage under the Plan
and becomes ineligible for coverage, you must notify
People Services at 800-421-1362 within 60 days from the
date your dependent becomes ineligible. If your dependent
is enrolled in medical, dental, or vision coverage and you
notify People Services within this time frame, the Plan
will send an election notice, allowing your dependent
to elect Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act (COBRA) continuation coverage. Your dependent’s
election to enroll in COBRA coverage must be received 
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
21
You may add or drop optional associate life insurance and
optional dependent life insurance (or add coverage) at any
time. See important exceptions regarding “Proof of Good
Health” and “late enrollees” immediately below.
Proof of Good Health. If you enroll in optional associate
life or optional dependent life insurance during your initial
enrollment period for more than the guaranteed amount or
for the guaranteed amount and then increase coverage for
you or your spouse/partner, if eligible, at a later date, you
will be subject to Proof of Good Health requirements. For
more information, see Enrollment and effective dates by
job classification later in this chapter and refer to the chart
that applies to your job classification.
Late enrollees. If you do not enroll in the long‑term disability
plan, truck driver long‑term disability plan, optional associate
life or optional dependent life insurance during your initial
enrollment period and then elect coverage at a later date, as
permitted by the Plan, you will be considered a “late enrollee”
and will also be subject to Proof of Good Health requirements
before coverage is approved and effective. If you enroll in
optional associate life or optional dependent life insurance
during your initial enrollment period for more than the
guaranteed amount or for the guaranteed amount and then
increase coverage for you or your spouse/partner, if eligible,
at a later date, you will also be subject to Proof of Good
Health Requirements. For more information, see Enrollment
and effective dates by job classification later in this chapter
and refer to the chart that applies to your job classification.
CHOOSING A COVERAGE TIER
If you enroll your eligible dependents in the Plan, they
must have the same coverage you elect for yourself (i.e.,
they will be enrolled in the same medical plan option that
you are enrolled in). You may change your coverage during
Annual Enrollment or if you experience an election change
event. See the Permitted election changes outside Annual
Enrollment section later in this chapter.
Under the medical, dental, and vision plans, and critical
illness and accident insurance, you may elect one of the
following coverage tiers:
• Associate only
• Associate + spouse/partner (except for part‑time
hourly associates, temporary associates, and part‑time
truck drivers)
• Associate + child(ren), or
• Associate + family (except for part‑time hourly associates,
temporary associates, and part‑time truck drivers).
CONFIRMING YOUR ENROLLMENT
Once you enroll in coverage, you can view your
confirmation statement on One.Walmart.com/Enroll. If
you see an error regarding the benefits you enrolled in,
immediately contact People Services at 800-421-1362.
YOUR PLAN ID CARD
When you enroll in any of the medical coverage options
available under the Associates’ Medical Plan (AMP), you
receive a plan ID card at your home address. Plan ID cards
for dependents whose address is different from yours are
sent directly to the dependent’s address. Your plan ID card
also serves as your pharmacy ID card.
If you enroll in any of the medical coverage options under
the AMP or the PPO Plan (if applicable) and you also enroll
in the Associates’ Dental Plan (the “dental plan”) and/or
the Associates’ Vision Plan (the “vision plan”), your plan
ID card will also serve as your dental ID card and/or your
vision ID card.
If you enroll in an HMO and you also enroll in the dental plan
and/or the vision plan, you will receive separate ID cards for
the dental and/or vision plan.
If you enroll in the dental plan and/or the vision plan only, you
will receive separate ID cards for those plans. ID cards will be
mailed to your home address.
You can update the address of your dependents who are
under the age of 18 when you enroll online or at any time on
One.Walmart.com/Enroll. If your dependent is age 18 or over,
they need to contact People Services at 800-421-1362 to
update their address. As a reminder, associates must update
their addresses through Workday.
When coverage is effective
See the Enrollment and effective dates by job classification
section of this chapter for more details about coverage
effective dates. While you should enroll as soon as your initial
enrollment period is open, even after you enroll, you may
still have to complete an applicable eligibility waiting period
or actively‑at‑work requirements before your coverage
becomes effective.
Medical, dental, vision, critical illness, accident, accidental
death and dismemberment (“AD&D”), Resources for Living,
company-paid life and business travel accident. If you are
not at work on the day your coverage would otherwise
become effective (including for a leave of absence) for
medical, dental, vision, critical illness insurance, accident 
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
22
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
insurance, accidental death and dismemberment (“AD&D”)
insurance, Resources for Living, business travel accident
insurance, or company‑paid life insurance, your coverage
is effective on the first day you are “actively at work,” as
defined on this page, as long as you are enrolled for the
benefit and applicable premiums are current. No enrollment
or premiums are required for Resources for Living, business
travel accident insurance, short‑term disability basic, or
company‑paid life insurance.
Optional associate life and optional dependent life. If you
are not at work for any reason (including for a leave of
absence) other than scheduled paid time off (PTO) on the
day your coverage would otherwise become effective for
optional associate life insurance or optional dependent life
insurance, your coverage will be effective on the first day
you are “actively at work,” as defined on this page, as long
as you are enrolled for the benefit and applicable premiums
are current. If your spouse/partner or dependent child is
confined for medical treatment (at home or elsewhere),
coverage will not be effective until they obtain a final
medical release from that confinement.
Disability. If you are an hourly associate and have not worked
hours during the pay period in which your coverage would
otherwise become effective or are a management associate
and do not have earned wages in the same pay period in
which your coverage otherwise becomes effective, for
full‑time hourly short‑term disability basic or enhanced (as
applicable), salaried and truck driver short-term disability,
full‑time hourly and salaried long‑term disability (LTD) basic
or enhanced (as applicable), or truck driver LTD insurance (as
applicable), your coverage will be effective on the first day
of the pay period you are considered “actively at work,” as
defined below, al long as you are enrolled for the benefit and
applicable premiums are current.
“ACTIVE WORK” OR “ACTIVELY AT WORK”
Medical, dental, vision, critical illness, accident, accidental
death and dismemberment (“AD&D”), Resources for
Living. For medical, dental, vision, critical illness insurance,
accident insurance, AD&D, and Resources for Living
coverage, “active work” (or “actively at work”) means you
are on active status and have reported to your first day of
work at the company, even if you are not at work the day
coverage is effective (for example, due to illness).
Life and business travel accident. For company‑paid
life insurance, optional associate life insurance, optional
dependent life insurance, and business travel accident
insurance, being actively at work means you are on active
status and not on a leave of absence.
Disability. For all types of disability coverage, being actively
at work means you have worked hours in the same pay
period in which your coverage becomes effective if you are
an hourly associate or have earned wages in the same pay
period in which your coverage becomes effective if you are
a member of management.
AUTOMATIC REENROLLMENT
If you are currently enrolled in benefits and are eligible for
those same benefits during the following calendar year, but
do not make an affirmative election related to those benefits
during Annual Enrollment, you and any dependents you
cover will be automatically reenrolled in the coverage options
closest to what you have currently. For more information,
refer to the Annual Enrollment materials provided to you and
posted online at One.Walmart.com. Call People Services at
800-421-1362 for information.
If you do not make an affirmative election during Annual
Enrollment and are enrolled automatically in coverage
as described above, you may not change this coverage
except during Annual Enrollment, unless you experience an
election change event.
If you do not make an affirmative election during Annual
Enrollment, as described above, you will be deemed to have
consented to automatic reenrollment, and your payroll
deductions will be adjusted accordingly.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
23
If you leave the company and are rehired
MANAGEMENT, FULL-TIME HOURLY, AND TRUCK DRIVER ASSOCIATES
If you terminate employment after meeting applicable eligibility requirements for benefits, and you return to the company as
a management, full-time hourly, or truck driver associate, your eligibility for benefits will be determined in accordance with
the rules in the chart below:
IF YOU
Are rehired less than
13 weeks from your
termination date
You will retain your previous eligibility status for medical and other voluntary benefits as long as you
remain a management, full-time hourly, or truck driver associate, subject to applicable Plan terms. Any
coverage that was in effect (or the most similar coverage offered under the Plan) on your termination
date will be reinstated, with a break in coverage during the period of your absence for which premiums
were not paid, subject to the following terms:
If you return within 30 days of your termination date:
• Except as provided below, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms, if you were enrolled in
medical or other voluntary benefits when you terminated, you will not be permitted to change the
reinstated coverage (other than optional life), until the next Annual Enrollment, or if you have an
election change event, as described in the Permitted election changes outside Annual Enrollment
section in this chapter.
• Except as provided below, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms, if you were not enrolled in
medical or other voluntary benefits on your termination date, you may not enroll in those benefits
(other than optional life) when you return, until the next Annual Enrollment, or if you have an election
change event.
• If you terminate in one calendar year after the Annual Enrollment period for the following calendar
year has ended and you return before December 31 of the year in which you terminated, changes
you made during the Annual Enrollment (or coverage you defaulted to because you did not make any
changes during Annual Enrollment) will be implemented.
• If you terminate in one calendar year and return to work in the following calendar year and you
fall into one of the following categories, you may call People Services at 800-421-1362 to enroll in
medical or other voluntary benefits within 60 days of returning to work:
–You were eligible to enroll in benefits in the year you terminated but were not enrolled
–You were eligible and enrolled in benefits in the year you terminated and would like to add a dependent
child (if applicable) in the year you return to work
If you return after 30 days but less than 13 weeks from your termination date, subject to otherwise
applicable Plan terms, you will have 60 days after returning to drop or otherwise change the reinstated
coverage. After this 60-day period, and subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms, you will not be
permitted to change your benefit elections (other than optional life), until the next Annual Enrollment,
or if you have an election change event, as described in the Permitted election changes outside Annual
Enrollment section in this chapter.
See the If you leave the company and are rehired section in The medical plan chapter for information on your deductible, out-of-pocket
maximum, HRA, and maximum lifetime benefit applicable to fertility benefits under the Centers of Excellence family building program,
if you terminate employment and then return to work. See the If you leave the company and are rehired section in The dental plan
chapter for information on your required minimum enrollment period, deductible, and waiting period for orthodontia assistance if you
terminate employment and then return to work.
If you return as a management, full-time hourly or truck driver associate more than 13 weeks from your termination date, you
will be treated as a new associate, subject to otherwise applicable Plan terms.
PART-TIME HOURLY AND TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES
See the Part‑time hourly and temporary associates: eligibility checks for medical benefits section earlier in this chapter for
information about benefits if you leave the company and are rehired.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
24
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Effective dates for benefits under the Plan
The following Enrollment and effective dates by job classification charts provide your coverage effective dates if you enroll
during your initial enrollment period and you are actively at work, as defined earlier, on the coverage effective date. If you
terminate employment before enrolling for benefits during your initial enrollment period, you will not be eligible to enroll. Each
benefit is subject to specific terms and conditions. Please see the applicable chapter of this Associate Benefits Book for details.
If you are a full‑time hourly, part‑time hourly, or temporary associate in Hawaii, special rules govern medical and
short‑term disability benefits eligibility and enrollment. See the chapter titled Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
for associates in Hawaii.
Enrollment and effective dates by job classification
FULL‑TIME HOURLY ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Includes pharmacists (except California pharmacists*), full-time field supply chain, field supervisor positions in stores and clubs;
excludes Vision Center managers
NOTE: Don’t confuse the initial enrollment period with the coverage effective date. You must enroll in coverage prior to
the coverage effective date for most benefits.
Plan Enrollment periods and coverage effective dates
• Medical
• HMO plans
• Dental
–Enrollment is for two full calendar years
• Vision
• Critical illness insurance
• Accident insurance
• AD&D
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the
date of your first biweekly pay and the day
prior to your coverage effective date.
When coverage is effective:
Your coverage is effective the first day
of the calendar month during which
your 89th day of continuous full-time
employment falls.
If you elect coverage, your election
must remain in effect until the end
of the calendar year containing the
coverage effective date and may not
be changed until Annual Enrollment
for the next calendar year unless
you experience an election change
event, as described in the Permitted
election changes outside Annual
Enrollment section of this chapter.
• Company-paid life insurance You are enrolled automatically on the first day of the calendar month during
which your 89th day of continuous full‑time employment falls and your coverage
is effective on that date.
• Resources for Living
• Business travel accident insurance
You are enrolled automatically on your date of hire and your coverage is
effective on that date.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
25
FULL‑TIME HOURLY ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Includes pharmacists (except California pharmacists*), full-time field supply chain, field supervisor positions in stores and clubs;
excludes Vision Center managers
NOTE: Don’t confuse the initial enrollment period with the coverage effective date. You must enroll in coverage prior to
the coverage effective date for most benefits.
Plan Enrollment periods and coverage effective dates
• Optional associate life insurance
• Optional dependent life insurance
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first biweekly pay and the
day prior to the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of
continuous full‑time employment falls
When coverage is effective:**
If you enroll during your initial enrollment period:
• If you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on the
later of 1) the date you enroll, or 2) the first day of the calendar month during
which your 89th day of continuous full‑time employment falls, provided
you are not on a leave of absence on the date coverage would otherwise be
effective. If you are on a leave of absence when your coverage would have
otherwise been effective, coverage will be effective when you return to
active status.
• If you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, coverage for you and
your spouse/partner is subject to Prudential’s approval. You will be required
to provide Proof of Good Health for yourself and/or your spouse/partner and
may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense. If approved,
your coverage is effective on the later of 1) the date Prudential approves your
coverage, or 2) the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th
day of continuous full‑time employment falls, provided you are not on a leave
of absence on the date coverage would otherwise be effective. If you are on
a leave of absence when your coverage would have otherwise been effective,
coverage will be effective when you return to active status.
If you enroll after your initial enrollment period: You may enroll in, increase, or
drop coverage after the initial enrollment period and at any time during the year,
but your coverage (including an increase) is subject to Prudential’s approval.
You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health for yourself and/or your
spouse/partner and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own
expense. If approved, your coverage is effective on the date Prudential approves
your coverage; provided you are not on a leave of absence on the date coverage
would otherwise be effective. If you are on a leave of absence when your
coverage would have otherwise been effective, coverage will be effective when
you return to active status.
If you are required to provide Proof of Good Health, payroll deductions of your
premiums will not begin until your coverage is effective, as described above.
• Short-term disability basic plan
–Basic coverage (not available to associates
who work in California, Hawaii, New Jersey,
and Rhode Island; different coverage is
available in New York)
–Maternity benefits
See the Full-time hourly short‑term disability
chapter for general information about state benefits.
You are enrolled automatically on the 12-month anniversary of your date of
hire, and your coverage is effective on that date.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
26
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
FULL‑TIME HOURLY ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Includes pharmacists (except California pharmacists*), full-time field supply chain, field supervisor positions in stores and clubs;
excludes Vision Center managers
NOTE: Don’t confuse the initial enrollment period with the coverage effective date. You must enroll in coverage prior to
the coverage effective date for most benefits.
Plan Enrollment periods and coverage effective dates
• Short‑term disability enhanced plan (not
available to associates who work in California,
Hawaii, New Jersey, and Rhode Island; New
York short‑term disability enhanced plan is
available in New York)
See the Full-time hourly short‑term disability
chapter for general information about state benefits.
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first biweekly pay and the
day prior to the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of
continuous full‑time employment falls.
When coverage is effective:
• If you enroll in coverage during your initial enrollment period: Coverage is
effective on the 12-month anniversary of your date of hire.
• If you enroll in coverage after your initial enrollment period: Coverage
is effective 12 months after the date you enroll in coverage at Annual
Enrollment or, in the case of an election change event, 12 months after the
date of the event.
If you elect coverage, your election must remain in effect until the end of the
calendar year containing the coverage effective date and may not be changed
until Annual Enrollment for the next calendar year unless you experience an
election change event, as described in the Permitted election changes outside
Annual Enrollment section of this chapter.
• Long-term disability (LTD) plan
(including enhanced benefits)
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first biweekly pay and the
day prior to the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of
continuous full‑time employment falls.
When coverage is effective:
• If you enroll in coverage during your initial enrollment period: Coverage is
effective on the 12-month anniversary of your date of hire.
• If you enroll in coverage after your initial enrollment period: Your coverage
is subject to Lincoln’s approval. You will be required to submit Proof of Good
Health and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense.
– If you enroll in coverage following an election change event and are
approved, your coverage is effective on the later of 1) the first day of the pay
period following the date Lincoln approves your coverage, or 2) the 12-month
anniversary of your date of hire.
– If you enroll in coverage during Annual Enrollment and are approved, your
coverage will be effective the later of 1) January 1 of the following year
2) if approved on or after January 1, the first day of the pay period following
the date Lincoln approves your coverage, or 3) the 12-month anniversary of
your date of hire.
– If you are not approved, you may be eligible to enroll during the next Annual
Enrollment or after an election change event but will be subject to the same
Proof of Good Health requirements.
If you elect coverage, your election must remain in effect until the end of the
calendar year containing the coverage effective date and may not be changed
until Annual Enrollment for the next calendar year unless you experience an
election change event, as described in the Permitted election changes outside
Annual Enrollment section of this chapter.
*If you are classified as a “California pharmacist” in payroll systems, see the chart for management associates.
**If your spouse/partner or dependent child is confined for medical treatment (at home or elsewhere), coverage is delayed until your
spouse/partner or child has a medical release (does not apply to a newborn child).
NOTE: Some benefits require you to meet the definition of active work. See the “Active work” or “actively at work” section in this
chapter for information.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
27
FULL-TIME HOURLY VISION CENTER MANAGERS (CONTINUED)
NOTE: Don’t confuse the initial enrollment period with the coverage effective date. You must enroll in coverage prior to the coverage
effective date for most benefits.
Plan Enrollment periods and coverage effective dates
• Medical
• HMO plans
• Dental
–Enrollment is for two full calendar years
• Vision
• Critical illness insurance
• Accident insurance
• AD&D
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the
date of your first biweekly pay and the
day prior to the 60th day of employment,
measured from your date of hire.
When coverage is effective:
Your coverage is effective on your date
of hire.
If you elect coverage, your election must
remain in effect until the end of the
calendar year containing the coverage
effective date and may not be changed
until Annual Enrollment for the next
calendar year, unless you experience an
election change event, as described in the
Permitted election changes outside Annual
Enrollment section of this chapter.
• Resources for Living
• Company-paid life insurance
• Business travel accident insurance
You are enrolled automatically on your date of hire and your coverage is effective on
that date.
• Optional associate life insurance
• Optional dependent life insurance
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first biweekly pay and the day
prior to the 60th day of employment, measured from your date of hire.
When coverage is effective:*
If you enroll during your initial enrollment period:
• If you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on the date
you enroll, provided you are not on a leave of absence on the date coverage would
otherwise be effective. If you are on a leave of absence when your coverage would
have otherwise been effective, coverage will be effective when you return to
active status.
• If you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, coverage for you and
your spouse/partner is subject to Prudential’s approval. You will be required to
provide Proof of Good Health for yourself and/or your spouse/partner and may
be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense. If approved, your
coverage is effective on the date Prudential approves your coverage, provided you
are not on a leave of absence on the date coverage would otherwise be effective.
If you are on a leave of absence when your coverage would have otherwise been
effective, coverage will be effective when you return to active status.
If you enroll after your initial enrollment period: You may enroll in, increase or drop
coverage after the initial enrollment period and at any time during the year, but your
coverage (including an increase) is subject to Prudential’s approval. You will be required
to provide Proof of Good Health for yourself and/or your spouse/partner and may be
required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense. If approved, your coverage
is effective on the date Prudential approves your coverage; provided you are not on
a leave of absence on the date coverage would otherwise be effective. If you are on a
leave of absence when your coverage would have otherwise been effective, coverage
will be effective when you return to active status.
If you are required to provide Proof of Good Health, payroll deductions of your
premiums will not begin until your coverage is effective, as described above.
• Short-term disability basic plan
–Basic coverage (not available to
associates who work in California,
Hawaii, New Jersey, and Rhode Island;
different coverage is available in
New York)
–Maternity benefits
See the Full-time hourly short‑term
disability chapter for general information
about state benefits.
You are enrolled automatically on your date of hire, and your coverage is effective
on that date.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
28
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
FULL-TIME HOURLY VISION CENTER MANAGERS (CONTINUED)
NOTE: Don’t confuse the initial enrollment period with the coverage effective date. You must enroll in coverage prior to the coverage
effective date for most benefits.
Plan Enrollment periods and coverage effective dates
• Short-term disability enhanced plan
(not available to associates who work
in California, Hawaii, New Jersey, and
Rhode Island; New York short-term
disability enhanced plan is available in
New York)
See the Full-time hourly short‑term
disability chapter for general information
about state benefits.
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first biweekly pay and the day
prior to the 60th day of employment, measured from your date of hire.
When coverage is effective:
• If you enroll during your initial enrollment period: Coverage is effective your date
of hire.
• If you enroll in coverage after your initial enrollment period: Coverage is effective
12 months after the date you enroll in coverage at Annual Enrollment or, in the case
of an election change event, 12 months after the date of the event.
If you elect coverage, your election must remain in effect until the end of the
calendar year containing the coverage effective date and may not be changed until
Annual Enrollment for the next calendar year unless you experience an election
change event, as described in the Permitted election changes outside Annual
Enrollment section of this chapter.
• Long-term disability (LTD) plan
(including enhanced benefits)
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first biweekly paycheck and
the day prior to the 60th day following your date of hire.
When coverage is effective:
• If you enroll in coverage during your initial enrollment period: Coverage is
effective on your date of hire.
• If you enroll in coverage after your initial enrollment period: Your coverage is
subject to Lincoln’s approval. You will be required to submit Proof of Good Health
and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense.
– If you enroll in coverage following an election change event and are approved, your
coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period following the date Lincoln
approves your coverage.
– If you enroll in coverage during Annual Enrollment and are approved, your
coverage will be effective the later of 1) January 1 of the following year, or
2) if approved on or after January 1, the first day of the pay period following the
date Lincoln approves your coverage.
– If you are not approved, you may be eligible to enroll during the next Annual
Enrollment or after an election change event but will be subject to the same
Proof of Good Health requirements.
If you elect coverage, your election must remain in effect until the end of the
calendar year containing the coverage effective date and may not be changed until
Annual Enrollment for the next calendar year unless you experience an election
change event, as described in the Permitted election changes outside Annual
Enrollment section of this chapter.
*If your spouse/partner or dependent child is confined for medical treatment (at home or elsewhere), coverage is delayed until your
spouse/partner or child has a medical release (does not apply to a newborn child).
NOTE: Some benefits require you to meet the definition of active work. See the “Active work” or “actively at work” section in this
chapter for information.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
29
PART-TIME HOURLY AND TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
NOTE: Don’t confuse the initial enrollment period with the coverage effective date. You must enroll in coverage prior to the coverage
effective date for most benefits.
Plan Enrollment periods and coverage effective dates
• Medical*
• HMO plans
• Dental
–Enrollment is for two full
calendar years
• Vision
• Critical illness insurance
• Accident insurance
• AD&D
Initial enrollment period:
If you are eligible for benefits during the first 52 weeks of employment as a result of
working the required number of hours in a 60-day measurement cycle: You must enroll
in coverage between the date you are first notified that you have met the eligibility
requirements and the day prior to the 60th day following notification. See the section titled
Part‑time hourly and temporary associates: eligibility checks for medical benefits.*
If you are eligible for medical coverage as a result of the annual eligibility check that
occurs at 52 weeks of employment: You must enroll in medical coverage between the date
following your 52‑week anniversary and the day prior to the 60th day following the date of
your 52‑week anniversary.*
Regardless of whether you are eligible for medical coverage as a result of the eligibility
checks described above: You are still eligible to enroll in all benefits listed, except medical
coverage, after 52 weeks of employment. You must enroll in coverage between the date
following your 52‑week anniversary and the day prior to the 60th day following the date of
your 52‑week anniversary.*
When coverage is effective:
If you are eligible during the first 52 weeks of employment as a result of working the
required number of hours in a 60-day measurement cycle: Your coverage is effective on
the first day of the month in which your 89th day of employment occurs, counting from
the date on which the successful 60‑day measurement cycle began. See the section titled
Part‑time hourly and temporary associates: eligibility checks for medical benefits.
If you are eligible as a result of the annual eligibility check that occurs at 52 weeks of
employment (for medical)* or on your 52-week anniversary (for all other benefits): Your
coverage is effective on the first day of the second calendar month following your 52‑week
anniversary date.
If you elect coverage, your election must remain in effect until the end of the calendar year
containing the coverage effective date and may not be changed until Annual Enrollment
for the next calendar year unless you experience an election change event, as described in
the Permitted election changes outside Annual Enrollment section of this chapter.
*To be eligible for medical coverage, part‑time hourly and temporary associates must work the
required number of hours and pass one of the eligibility checks described under Part‑time
hourly and temporary associates: eligibility checks for medical benefits earlier in this chapter.
Part‑time hourly pharmacists hired before February 1, 2012, are exempt from this requirement.
• Resources for Living
• Business travel accident insurance
You are enrolled automatically on your date of hire, and your coverage is effective on
that date.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
30
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
PART-TIME HOURLY AND TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
NOTE: Don’t confuse the initial enrollment period with the coverage effective date. You must enroll in coverage prior to the coverage
effective date for most benefits.
Plan Enrollment periods and coverage effective dates
• Optional associate life insurance
• Optional dependent life insurance
Initial enrollment period:
If you are eligible during the first 52 weeks of employment as a result of working the
required number of hours in a 60-day measurement cycle: You must enroll in optional
associate or optional dependent life insurance coverage between the date you are first
notified that you have met the eligibility requirements and the day prior to the 60th day
following notification.
If you are eligible on your 52-week anniversary: You must enroll in coverage between the date
following your 52-week anniversary and the day prior to the 60th day following the date of
your 52-week anniversary.
When coverage is effective:**
For purposes of determining the effective date of your optional life insurance, you will
need to refer to the discussion of eligibility for medical coverage. If you become eligible
for medical coverage before your first 52‑week anniversary because you worked the
required number of hours in a 60‑day measurement period, the effective date of your
medical coverage is the “applicable date” for determining the effective date for optional
life insurance.
If you did not become eligible for medical coverage before your 52‑week anniversary and
instead become eligible on your 52-week anniversary, the “applicable date” for determining
the effective date for optional life insurance is the first day of the second calendar month
following your 52‑week anniversary.
If you enroll during your initial enrollment period:
• If you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on the later of
1) the date you enroll, or 2) the “applicable date,” provided you are not on a leave of
absence on the date coverage would otherwise be effective. If you are on a leave of
absence when your coverage would have otherwise been effective, coverage will be
effective when you return to active status.
• If you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, your coverage is subject to
Prudential’s approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health and may be
required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense. If approved, your coverage
is effective on the later of 1) the date Prudential approves your coverage, or 2) the
“applicable date,” provided you are not on a leave of absence on the date coverage would
otherwise be effective. If you are on a leave of absence when your coverage would have
otherwise been effective, coverage will be effective when you return to active status.
If you enroll after your initial enrollment period: Once eligible, you may enroll in, increase
or drop coverage after the initial enrollment period and at any time during the year,
but your coverage (including an increase) is subject to Prudential’s approval. You will be
required to provide Proof of Good Health and may be required to undergo a medical
exam at your own expense. If approved, your coverage is effective on the date Prudential
approves your coverage, provided you are not on a leave of absence on the date coverage
would otherwise be effective. If you are on a leave of absence when your coverage would
have otherwise been effective, coverage will be effective when you return to active status.
If you are required to provide Proof of Good Health, payroll deductions of your premiums
will not begin until your coverage is effective, as described above.
**If your dependent child is confined for medical treatment (at home or elsewhere), coverage is delayed until your child has a medical
release (does not apply to a newborn child).
Part-time hourly and temporary associates may only cover their eligible dependent children and may not cover their spouse/partners.
Disability coverage and company-paid life insurance are not available to part-time hourly and temporary associates.
NOTE: Some benefits require you to meet the definition of active work. See the “Active work” or “actively at work” section in this
chapter for information.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
31
PART-TIME TRUCK DRIVERS
NOTE: Don’t confuse the initial enrollment period with the coverage effective date. You must enroll in coverage prior to the coverage
effective date for most benefits.
Plan Enrollment periods and coverage effective dates
• Medical
• HMO plans
• Dental
–Enrollment is for two full calendar years
• Vision
• Critical illness insurance
• Accident insurance
• AD&D
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the
date of your first biweekly pay and the
day prior to your coverage effective date.
When coverage is effective:
Your coverage is effective the first day
of the calendar month during which your
89th day of continuous employment falls.
If you elect coverage, your election must
remain in effect until the end of the
calendar year containing the coverage
effective date and may not be changed
until Annual Enrollment for the next
calendar year unless you experience an
election change event, as described in
the Permitted election changes outside
Annual Enrollment section of this chapter.
• Resources for Living
• Business travel accident insurance
You are enrolled automatically on your date of hire and your coverage is effective
on that date.
• Optional associate life insurance
• Optional dependent life insurance
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first biweekly pay and the
day prior to the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of
continuous full-time employment falls.
When coverage is effective:*
If you enroll during your initial enrollment period:
• If you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on the later
of 1) the date you enroll, or 2) the first day of the calendar month during which
your 89th day of continuous employment falls, provided you are not on a leave of
absence on the date coverage would otherwise be effective. If you are on a leave
of absence when your coverage would have otherwise been effective, coverage
will be effective when you return to active status.
• If you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, your coverage is subject
to Prudential’s approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health and
may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense. If approved,
your coverage is effective on the later of 1) the date Prudential approves your
coverage, or 2) the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day
of continuous employment falls, provided you are not on a leave of absence on
the date coverage would otherwise be effective. If you are on a leave of absence
when your coverage would have otherwise been effective, coverage will be
effective when you return to active status.
If you enroll after your initial enrollment period: You may enroll in, increase, or
drop coverage after the initial enrollment period and at any time during the year,
but your coverage (including an increase) is subject to Prudential’s approval. You
will be required to provide Proof of Good Health and may be required to undergo
a medical exam at your own expense. If approved, your coverage is effective on
the date Prudential approves your coverage, provided you are not on a leave of
absence on the date coverage would otherwise be effective. If you are on a leave of
absence when your coverage would have otherwise been effective, coverage will be
effective when you return to active status.
If you are required to provide Proof of Good Health, payroll deductions of your
premiums will not begin until your coverage is effective, as described above.
*If your dependent child is confined for medical treatment (at home or elsewhere), coverage is delayed until your child has a medical
release (does not apply to a newborn child).
Part-time truck drivers are not subject to the benefits eligibility checks described earlier in this chapter.
Part-time truck drivers may only cover their eligible dependent children and may not cover their spouses/partners. Disability coverage
and company-paid life insurance are not available to part-time truck drivers.
NOTE: Some benefits require you to meet the definition of active work. See the “Active work” or “actively at work” section in this
chapter for information.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
32
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Includes management trainees, California pharmacists,* and full-time truck drivers
NOTE: Don’t confuse the initial enrollment period with the coverage effective date. You must enroll in coverage prior to the coverage
effective date for most benefits.
Plan Enrollment periods and coverage effective dates
• Medical
• HMO plans
• Dental
–Enrollment is for two full calendar years
• Vision
• Critical illness insurance
• Accident insurance
• AD&D
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between
the date of your first biweekly pay and
prior to the 60th day of employment,
measured from your date of hire.
When coverage is effective:
Your coverage is effective on your date
of hire.
If you elect coverage, your election must
remain in effect until the end of the
calendar year containing the coverage
effective date and may not be changed
until Annual Enrollment for the next
calendar year unless you experience an
election change event, as described in the
Permitted election changes outside Annual
Enrollment section of this chapter.
• Resources for Living
• Company-paid life insurance
• Business travel accident insurance
• Short-term disability plan**
You are enrolled automatically on your date of hire and your coverage is effective on
that date.
• Optional associate life insurance
• Optional dependent life insurance
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first paycheck and the day
prior to the 60th day of employment, measured from your date of hire.
When coverage is effective:***
If you enroll during your initial enrollment period:
• If you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on the date
you enroll, provided you are not on a leave of absence on the date coverage would
otherwise be effective. If you are on a leave of absence when your coverage would
have otherwise been effective, coverage will be effective when you return to
active status.
• If you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, coverage for you and
your spouse/partner is subject to Prudential’s approval. You will be required to
provide Proof of Good Health for yourself and/or your spouse/partner and may
be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense. If approved, your
coverage is effective on the date Prudential approves your coverage, provided you
are not on a leave of absence on the date coverage would otherwise be effective.
If you are on a leave of absence when your coverage would have otherwise been
effective, coverage will be effective when you return to active status.
If you enroll after your initial enrollment period: You may enroll in, increase, or drop
coverage after the initial enrollment period and at any time during the year, but
your coverage (including an increase) is subject to Prudential’s approval. You will be
required to provide Proof of Good Health for yourself and/or your spouse/partner
and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense. If approved,
your coverage is effective on the date Prudential approves your coverage, provided
you are not on a leave of absence on the date coverage would otherwise be effective.
If you are on a leave of absence when your coverage would have otherwise been
effective, coverage will be effective when you return to active status.
If you are required to provide Proof of Good Health, payroll deductions of your
premiums will not begin until your coverage is effective, as described above.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
33
MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Includes management trainees, California pharmacists,* and full-time truck drivers
NOTE: Don’t confuse the initial enrollment period with the coverage effective date. You must enroll in coverage prior to the coverage
effective date for most benefits.
Plan Enrollment periods and coverage effective dates
• Long-term disability (LTD) plan
(including enhanced benefits)
• Truck driver LTD plan (including
enhanced benefits)
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first biweekly pay and the day
prior to the 60th day of employment, measured from your date of hire.
When coverage is effective:
• If you enroll in coverage during your initial enrollment period: Coverage is
effective on your date of hire.
• If you enroll in coverage after your initial enrollment period: Your coverage is
subject to Lincoln’s approval. You will be required to submit Proof of Good Health
and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense.
– If you enroll in coverage following an election change event and are approved, your
coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period following the date Lincoln
approves your coverage.
– If you enroll in coverage during Annual Enrollment and are approved, your
coverage will be effective the later of 1) January 1 of the following year, or
2) if approved on or after January 1 of the current year, the first day of the pay
period following the date Lincoln approves your coverage.
– If you are not approved, you may be eligible to enroll during the next Annual
Enrollment or after an election change event but will be subject to the same Proof
of Good Health requirements.
If you elect coverage, your election must remain in effect until the end of the
calendar year containing the coverage effective date and may not be changed until
Annual Enrollment for the next calendar year unless you experience an election
change event, as described in the Permitted election changes outside Annual
Enrollment section of this chapter.
*Pharmacists who work in California and have the designation of “California pharmacist” in payroll systems are eligible for the benefits
listed here for management associates.
**The salaried and truck driver short-term disability plans are not covered by ERISA and are not part of the Associates’ Health and
Welfare Plan.
***If your spouse/partner or dependent child is confined for medical treatment (at home or elsewhere), coverage is delayed until your
spouse/partner or child has a medical release (does not apply to a newborn child).
NOTE: Some benefits require you to meet the definition of active work. See “Active work” or “actively at work” in this chapter
for information.
Paying for your benefits
You are required to pay premiums for any benefit that you
choose to enroll in (e.g., medical, dental, vision, optional
life, etc.) for benefit coverage to remain in effect. You are
not required to pay premiums for any benefit that you are
automatically enrolled in (i.e., Resources for Living, basic
short-term disability for hourly associates, short-term
disability for salaried associates, short-term disability for
truck drivers, company-paid life insurance coverage, and
business travel accident insurance).
For benefits that have a corresponding premium, the
premiums you pay will depend on a number of factors,
including the benefits you choose, the dependents you
cover, and whether you are eligible for tobacco-free
rates. The specific chapter for each benefit explains the
factors, including whether you are eligible for tobacco-free
rates, that impact the premium amounts for that benefit.
However, your eligibility for tobacco-free rates will depend
on questions you answer during the enrollment process.
TOBACCO RATES
You can receive lower tobacco‑free rates for medical
and prescription drug coverage, optional associate life
insurance, optional dependent life insurance for a spouse,
and critical illness insurance if:
• You and/or a covered spouse/partner do not use tobacco
products, or
• You and/or a covered spouse/partner use tobacco and
you complete participation in a quit‑tobacco program of
your choice between the time of Annual Enrollment and
December 31, 2023. Alternatively, if you call Walmart’s
Quit Tobacco program at 855-955-1905, the program
will work with you (and, if you wish, your doctor) to find a
program that is right for you.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
34
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Not using tobacco products means that you have not
used any type of tobacco product in the last 30 days,
and you agree not to use any tobacco products in 2023.
“Tobacco products” include cigarettes, cigars, pipes,
snuff, chewing tobacco, and e‑cigarettes or any such
nicotine‑delivery devices.
IMPORTANT
If you are a first‑time enrollee, you must
actively complete an online enrollment
session at One.Walmart.com/Enroll to
receive tobacco-free rates.
You will be asked to attest to your tobacco use at your initial
enrollment to determine your eligibility for tobacco‑free
rates for your initial eligibility period, and each year
at Annual Enrollment, to determine your eligibility for
tobacco‑free rates for the next calendar year. Please
note that your eligibility for tobacco‑free rates can be
established only at your initial enrollment and at Annual
Enrollment. If you become tobacco‑free during the year,
you will not become eligible for tobacco‑free rates until the
following calendar year.
The statement below is shown on the screen when you
enroll for benefits and answer the questions regarding
tobacco use:
“Our expectation is that you will apply for or enroll in benefits
using correct and accurate information. If not, you may be
subject to the loss of benefits and/or loss of employment.”
To review the company’s policy about intentional
dishonesty, please refer to the Code of Conduct which can
be found on One.Walmart.com. If we receive a report of
abuse, we will conduct an ethics investigation.
The company offers the Quit Tobacco program at no cost to
all associates. For information, see Quit Tobacco program in
The medical plan chapter.
HOW YOUR PREMIUMS ARE PAID
As a general rule, premiums are deducted from your
biweekly pay. Your payroll deductions for benefits in any pay
period are paying for the benefits coverage provided to you
during that pay period. With biweekly pay, your deductions
pay for coverage for the two weeks in that pay period. For
example, if a pay period runs from April 1 through April
14, the payroll deductions for benefits taken from the pay
received with respect to that two-week period are paying
for your benefits coverage through April 14.
Premiums are not deducted from your pay until your
elected coverage becomes effective.
The first biweekly pay after your coverage effective date
will generally reflect deductions for each day you had
coverage during that pay period. If a pay period spans two
calendar years, your deductions will reflect the amount for
the prior year through December 31 and the new amount
for the new year, prorated for the number of days covered
from January 1 until the end of the pay period.
Be sure to check your statement of earnings and deductions
on your paystub to verify that the proper deductions are
being taken. You can view your paystub the Monday before
payday by going to Online Paystub on One.Walmart.com.
If you believe the coverage or deductions are not correct
on your paystub, call People Services immediately at
800-421-1362. Requests for a review of premiums paid are
considered if submitted within one year from the date of
a possible overpayment. A premium reconciliation up to a
maximum of one year will be completed.
TAXATION
Some types of coverage are paid for with pretax dollars.
This means premiums are deducted from your biweekly pay
before federal and, in most cases, state taxes are withheld.
Because Social Security taxes are not withheld on any pretax
dollars you spend for benefits, amounts you pay for benefits
with pretax dollars are not counted as wages for Social
Security purposes. As a result, your future Social Security
benefits may be reduced somewhat. Other types of coverage
are paid for with after-tax dollars, meaning premiums are paid
from amounts that have already been taxed.
With some exceptions discussed below, premiums for the
following types of coverage are paid on a pretax basis:
• Medical
• Dental
• Vision
• Critical illness insurance
• Accident insurance
• Accidental death and dismemberment (AD&D)
If you are enrolled in the Saver Plan, you may also be eligible
to contribute to a health savings account on a pretax
basis. See the Health savings account (HSA) chapter for
information.
Premiums for the following types of coverage are paid on an
after-tax basis:
• All types of disability coverage
• Optional associate and dependent life-insurance
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
35
There are some instances where premiums that are typically
paid on a pretax basis are paid with after-tax dollars, including:
• Deductions for coverage that is effective retroactively.
This may occur in instances when you are permitted to
enroll after your coverage effective date (e.g., when you
have experienced an election change event). See the
Permitted election changes outside Annual Enrollment
section of this chapter.
• Deductions for premiums that are past due.
TAX CONSEQUENCES OF PARTNER BENEFITS
Partners generally do not qualify as spouses or dependents
for federal income tax purposes. Therefore, the value of
company‑provided medical (including the HRA) coverage
that relates to your partner, or your partner’s children, is
generally considered imputed income and taxable to you.
This value is subject to change from year to year as the
underlying benefit values change. Tax and other withholdings
are made from your biweekly pay and the value of those
benefits is included in your Form W‑2. During any period
in which partner benefits that have an imputed income are
elected by you but you are not receiving biweekly pay from
the company, the company reserves the right to collect your
portion of the FICA tax liability directly from you.
These rules do not apply if your partner satisfies the
requirements to be considered your tax dependent under
the Internal Revenue Code.
Keeping your premiums current
If you receive biweekly pay from the company (i.e., any
pay processed through the company payroll system), any
premiums you currently owe (including past-due premiums)
will be deducted from that biweekly pay, to the extent
permitted by law. There may be times when your biweekly
pay is not sufficient to cover premium payments that are
due. In that case, you are responsible for paying any unpaid
premiums to the extent the premiums would have been paid
if withheld as a payroll deduction. Premium payments for a
pay period are due by the close of that pay period.
If you receive biweekly pay processed through the Walmart
payroll system (regardless of whether it is for wages,
incentive payments, paid time off, paid leave, etc.), any
past-due premiums you owe will be deducted from that pay
before premiums that are due for the current period. Any
past-due premiums will be paid on an after-tax basis.
If any premiums remain past due for more than 30 days,
coverage will be canceled effective back to the date for
which premiums are current. If your coverage is canceled
due to nonpayment of premiums:
• If you are an active associate, you will not be able to
enroll again until the next Annual Enrollment unless you
experience a valid election change event, and provided
you remain eligible. However, you may reenroll in optional
life insurance at any time, provided you remain eligible.
Reenrollment may require Proof of Good Health. See the
Permitted election changes outside Annual Enrollment
section of this chapter.
• If you are on a leave of absence and return to active
work within one year of the first day of the leave, you will
be enrolled for the same coverage (or the most similar
coverage offered under the Plan). Your coverage will be
effective the first day of the pay period that you return to
active work.
• If you are on a leave of absence and return to active work
after more than one year after the first day of the leave,
you will be considered a new associate and will be required
to meet any applicable eligibility requirements before you
may enroll in coverage.
To avoid interruption or cancellation of coverage, premium
payments can be made in advance through the automated
system with a VISA, MasterCard, American Express, or
Discover credit or debit card by logging into the payment
portal on One.Walmart.com/Enroll. You can also call People
Services at 800-421-1362 and say “make a payment.” To
confirm the premium amount owed, call People Services.
Payments of premiums may also be made by check or
money order and should be made payable to Associates’
Health and Welfare Trust and mailed to:
Walmart People Services
P.O. Box 1039
Department 3001
Lowell, Arkansas 72745
To ensure proper credit when you send payment, include
your name and WIN number on your payment. Please allow
10‑14 days for processing.
PAYING PREMIUMS WHEN ON AN UNPAID
LEAVE OR WHEN PREMIUMS ARE PAST DUE
It is your responsibility to make sure premiums are paid
on time so your benefits coverage remains active. When
premiums are past due, regardless of the reason, you must
make arrangements to keep them current, or risk cancellation
of your coverage. As discussed above, if any premiums remain
past due for more than 30 days, coverage will be canceled
effective back to the date for which premiums are current.
When you are on a leave of absence, you may receive
pay from which some or all currently owed premiums are
deducted. However, that is not always the case. Pay you
receive may not be sufficient to pay all premiums currently
due and there may be amounts that remain due. When
you are on any leave of absence—for any reason—it is your
responsibility to make sure that all premiums are paid on
time so your benefits coverage remains active. 
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
36
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
PAYING PREMIUMS WHEN ON PAID LEAVE
As discussed above, if you receive biweekly pay from the
company (i.e., any pay processed through the company
payroll system), any premiums you currently owe (including
past-due premiums) will be deducted from that biweekly pay
to the extent permitted by law. This includes pay for wages,
disability benefits, and other paid leave processed through
the company payroll system, incentive payments, paid time
off, etc.
While you are on a Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)
leave, personal leave, or military leave, you may retain
most voluntary benefits you were enrolled in on the
day immediately preceding the first day of the leave.
This includes medical, dental, vision, critical illness
insurance, accident insurance, optional associate life,
optional dependent life, and AD&D. You will also retain
Resources for Living, but no premiums are required for
that benefit. Coverage for these voluntary benefits is
generally maintained on the same terms and conditions
as if you had continued to work during the leave. (Contact
a member of your management team or Sedgwick for
additional information about FMLA, personal, or military
leave, or refer to the company’s Leave of Absence Policy
on One.Walmart.com for specific information. You may
also contact your personnel representative if you have
questions about the FMLA, personal, or military leave
policy. Decisions about leaves of absence are made by the
company, not the Plan.)
If you have enrolled in any disability coverage, coverage
may continue for a limited period of time if you are on
a leave of absence or temporary layoff. To the extent
you are required to pay premiums to maintain disability
coverage, you will continue to owe premiums for as long
as the coverage continues. For information about the
time period that disability coverage continues in this
circumstance, refer to the If you go on a leave of absence
or experience a temporary layoff section of the Full-time
hourly short‑term disability chapter, the Full-time hourly
and salaried long‑term disability chapter, or the Truck
driver long‑term disability chapter, as appropriate.
If you drop your coverage during your FMLA, personal, or
military leave and return to work, you may contact People
Services at 800-421-1362 within 60 days of returning to
work to reinstate your coverage.
If you maintain any benefit coverage while on leave, there
may be times when you receive paid leave or ongoing
biweekly pay from the company for all or some of the time.
This is the case if you are on a paid leave program (e.g., paid
parental leave) or are receiving disability benefits because
you are disabled within the meaning of a disability plan.
If you have elected disability coverage for which premiums
must be paid (i.e., short-term disability enhanced plan for
full-time hourly or any long-term disability coverage), it’s
important to understand when premiums for that disability
coverage will be deducted from pay processed through the
company payroll system. One of the factors that determine
the disability premiums you owe is the type of pay that
you receive. Whether premiums for disability coverage
will be deducted from pay processed through the Walmart
payroll system depends on the type of pay it is. Not every
type of pay you receive will be eligible pay for purposes of
calculating disability benefits, so not every type of pay you
receive will have a corresponding deduction for disability
premiums. For example, if you are receiving short-term
disability benefits processed through the Walmart payroll
system because you have been determined to be disabled
under a short-term disability plan, no premiums for
disability coverage will be withheld from those disability
benefit payments. On the other hand, premiums for
disability coverage will be deducted from your biweekly pay.
There may be times when you see disability premiums
deducted from pay that would otherwise not be subject to
disability premiums. For example, if you receive disability
benefits processed through the Walmart payroll system
when premiums (including disability premiums) from
a prior payroll period remain past due, those past due
premiums may be deducted from the disability benefits,
notwithstanding the fact that no current disability premiums
are due with respect to those current disability benefits.
If you are receiving any pay processed through the company
payroll system—including disability benefits or other paid
benefits under a company leave program—premiums that are
currently owed (either past due or related to the current pay
period) will be deducted to the extent permissible. If you are
receiving payments from any other source (e.g., long-term
disability benefits paid by Lincoln or short-term disability
benefits that are not processed through the Walmart payroll
system), no premiums will be deducted from those payments.
When you are on any leave of absence—for
any reason—it is your responsibility to make
sure that all premiums are paid on time so
your benefits coverage remains active.
Disability benefits are processed differently, depending
on the plan you are enrolled in and the state in which you
work. The chart on the following page is intended to help
you understand how premiums are handled when you are
receiving disability payments and other pay under a company
paid leave program.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
37
TO MAINTAIN COVERAGE UNDER THESE BENEFITS
• Medical
• Dental
• Vision
• Critical illness insurance
• Accident insurance
• Optional associate life
• Optional dependent life
• AD&D
• Short-term disability (other than for disability payments)
• Long-term disability (other than for disability payments)
WHILE YOU ARE RECEIVING…
Short-term disability
benefits under the full-time
hourly short‑term disability
plan (except for associates
who work in CA, HI, NJ, NY,
and RI)
Short-term disability benefits are processed through the company payroll system. You may also
receive biweekly pay for paid time off, incentives, etc., which is also processed through the company
payroll system.
• Any past-due premiums (including past-due premiums for disability coverage) will be deducted
from short-term disability payments and other pay you receive.
• Any premiums due for the current pay period will be deducted from short-term disability
payments and other pay you receive, except that no premiums will be due with respect to any
disability payments.
• You must make arrangements to pay any premiums still due or risk cancellation of your coverage.
Short-term disability
benefits under the full-time
hourly short‑term disability
plan (associates who work in
CA, HI, NJ, NY, or RI)
Short-term disability benefits are not processed through the company payroll system.* However,
you may receive biweekly pay for paid time off, incentives, etc., which is processed through the
company payroll system.
• Any past-due premiums (including past-due premiums for disability coverage) will not be
deducted from short-term disability payments but will be deducted from other pay you receive.
• Any premiums due for the current pay period will not be deducted from short-term disability
payments but will be deducted from other pay you receive, except that no premiums will be
due with respect to any disability payments.
• You must make arrangements to pay any premiums still due or risk cancellation of your coverage.
*In some states, your maternity benefit may be supplemented by payments processed through the
company payroll system. In that case, any past-due premiums and current (non-disability) premiums
would be deducted from those payments.
Long term disability benefits
under the:
• Full-time hourly and
salaried long‑term
disability plan
• Truck driver long‑term
disability plan
Long-term disability benefits under this plan are not processed through the company payroll
system. However, you may receive biweekly pay for paid time off, incentives, etc., which is
processed through the company payroll system.
• Any past-due premiums (including past-due premiums for disability coverage) will not be
deducted from long-term disability payments but will be deducted from other pay you receive.
• Any premiums due for the current pay period will not be deducted from long-term disability
payments but will be deducted from other pay you receive, except that no premiums will be
due with respect to any disability payments.
• You must make arrangements to pay any premiums still due or risk cancellation of your coverage.
Short-term disability benefits
under the salaried short-term
disability plan or truck driver
short-term disability plan
Short-term disability benefits are processed through the company payroll system. You may also
receive biweekly pay for paid time off, incentives, etc., which is also processed through the company
payroll system.
• Any past-due premiums (including past-due premiums for disability coverage) will be deducted
from short-term disability payments and other pay you receive.
• Any premiums due for the current pay period will be deducted from short-term disability
payments and other pay you receive, except that no premiums will be due with respect to any
disability payments.
• You must make arrangements to pay any premiums still due or risk cancellation of your coverage.
Paid leave (non‑disability)
under a company paid
leave program
Paid leave is processed through the company payroll system. You may also receive biweekly pay
(e.g., incentives), etc., which is also processed through the company payroll system.
• Any past-due premiums will be deducted from any payments you receive.
• Any premiums due for the current pay period will be deducted, except that no premiums will be
due with respect to any paid leave benefits.
• You must make arrangements to pay any premiums still due or risk cancellation of your coverage.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
38
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Permitted election changes outside
Annual Enrollment
Certain benefits can be changed at any time during
the year, but others can be changed only during Annual
Enrollment, unless you experience an election change
event, as follows:
• The medical plan options (including the HMO and
PPO Plan options), dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness
insurance, accident insurance, short‑term disability
enhanced, New York short‑term disability enhanced,
long‑term disability, and truck driver long‑term disability
can be changed only during Annual Enrollment unless you
experience an election change event.
• Optional associate life insurance and optional dependent
life insurance can be added or dropped at any time and
may be subject to Proof of Good Health requirements.
See the benefit chapters for details.
Federal tax law generally requires that your pretax benefit
choices remain in effect for the entire calendar year for
which the choice was made, except in the case of life events
or certain other events described in federal regulations. In
this Associate Benefits Book, we use the term “election change
events” to mean the full range of circumstances described
in federal regulations that allow you to change your pretax
elections. This does not apply to pretax contributions to a
health savings account, which can be changed at any time.
You may make certain coverage changes if you experience
an election change event. An election change event, for
purposes of this Associate Benefits Book, is a life event or
other event listed in federal regulations that allows you to
make changes to your coverage outside of annual or initial
enrollment. Any change you make in response to a life event
must be directly related to the impact of the event on your
benefits and affect your eligibility. In other words, there
must be a logical relationship between the life event and the
change you request, and the life event that occurs must also
make an individual eligible or ineligible for coverage. This is
referred to in federal regulations as “the consistency rule.”
For example, if you (the associate) and your spouse divorce,
your spouse loses eligibility for benefits under the Plan on the
date of the divorce but your other dependents remain eligible
for benefits under the Plan. Therefore, you can only drop
coverage for your spouse. Changing another dependent’s
coverage due to this life event would not be permitted.
When you experience an election change event (including a
life event or the loss or gain of other coverage as described
in this section), any changes to your coverage must be made
within 60 days from the date of the event.
Election change events include life events, gain of coverage,
loss of coverage, change in cost, legal order, and Medicare
or Medicaid entitlement.
The term “election change event” is used
frequently in this Associate Benefits Book to
refer to a life event or other event listed in
federal regulations that allows you to make
changes to your coverage outside of annual
or initial enrollment. You may have seen these
events referred to in other benefits‑related
literature as status change events, family
status changes, or qualifying events.
Detailed information about election change
events can be found on this page.
LIFE EVENTS
• Events that change your marital status:
– Marriage
– Death of your spouse
– Divorce (including the end of a common‑law marriage
in states where a divorce decree is required to end a
recognized common‑law marriage)
– Annulment, or
– Legal separation.
• Events that change your domestic partnership status:
– Commencement of domestic partnership
– Termination of domestic partnership, or
– Death of your domestic partner.
• Events that change the status of a legal relationship with
a person other than a spouse or domestic partner, as
specified in the definition of partner:
– Commencement of legal relationship
– Termination of legal relationship, or
– Death of the other person to whom you are joined in
legal relationship.
• Events that change the number of your dependents:
– Birth
– Adoption
– Placement for adoption
– Death of a dependent
– Gain of legal custody or legal guardianship of a
dependent
– Loss of legal custody or legal guardianship of a
dependent for whom you have previously been awarded
legal custody or guardianship by a judge
– Your paternity test result
– A dependent loses eligibility, such as at the end of the
month in which the dependent reaches age 26, or
– You receive valid documentation establishing the
eligibility of a dependent previously deemed ineligible.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
39
• Employment changes experienced by you, your spouse/
partner, or your dependent:
– Going on or returning from an approved leave of
absence
– Gain or loss of coverage due to starting or ending
employment
– A change in work location that affects your medical
coverage. If the change affects your medical coverage
options (such as if a new HMO, local plan, or PPO
Plan option is offered), you will have 60 calendar days
from your transfer to submit a request to change
your coverage. If you transfer work locations where
your medical coverage is affected and do not submit
a request, you will automatically be enrolled in a
predetermined plan.
GAIN OF COVERAGE
• Gain of coverage under any other employer plan.
• If you are a part‑time hourly or temporary associate and
your hours are reduced such that you work an average
of less than 30 hours per week (regardless of whether
the reduction in hours affects your eligibility for medical
coverage) and you intend to enroll in another plan that
provides minimum essential coverage that is effective no
later than the first day of the second month following the
month that your medical coverage under the Plan would
end, you may drop medical coverage (including an HMO
or PPO Plan option).
• Additions/improvements of a benefit option under this Plan.
• Eligibility under a governmental plan: If you or your
eligible dependents gain eligibility under a governmental
plan (other than Medicare, Medicaid, TRICARE, or a state
children’s health insurance plan), you cannot drop medical
coverage (including an HMO or PPO Plan option), accident
insurance, or critical illness insurance coverage except
during Annual Enrollment.
• If you are eligible for a Special Enrollment Period to enroll
in a qualified health plan through a Health Insurance
Marketplace, or you seek to enroll in a qualified health plan
through a Marketplace during the Marketplace’s annual
enrollment, as described in Changes in your coverage
following an election change event, you can drop medical
coverage (including an HMO or PPO Plan option) in
accordance with rules set forth by the Department of
Health and Human Services. You and any dependent who
cease coverage under the Plan must provide evidence of
your enrollment rights and state that you intend to enroll in
a qualified health plan through a Marketplace effective no
later than the day immediately following the last day of your
medical coverage (including an HMO or PPO Plan option).
LOSS OF COVERAGE
• Loss of coverage under any other employer plan.
• Reduction of coverage under this Plan.
• Significant loss of coverage, such as if an HMO plan in your
area discontinues service. The Plan determines when a
significant loss of coverage has occurred.
• If you or your eligible dependents lose coverage under a
governmental plan, including Medicaid or a state children’s
health insurance plan, an educational institution’s plan, or
a tribal government plan, you can add medical coverage
(including an HMO or PPO Plan option), accident insurance,
or critical illness insurance within 60 days of the loss of
coverage. (This does not apply to loss of coverage under
a Health Insurance Marketplace plan, although loss of
coverage under a Health Insurance Marketplace plan may
result in a HIPAA special enrollment right if you originally
declined coverage under the AMP because you had
coverage through a Health Insurance Marketplace plan.)
• You may add medical, dental, or vision coverage for you
and/or your eligible dependents if:
– You originally declined coverage because you and/or
your dependents had COBRA coverage and that
COBRA coverage has ended (nonpayment of premiums
is not sufficient for this purpose)
– You and/or your dependents had non‑COBRA medical
coverage, and the other coverage has terminated due to
your loss of eligibility, or
– Employer contributions toward other coverage
have terminated.
CHANGE IN COST
If the cost of coverage under this Plan or another Plan
changes, you may be able to change your election
accordingly. The Plan determines when a significant change
in cost has occurred and what election changes you may
make in response.
LEGAL ORDER
If an order resulting from a divorce, legal separation,
annulment, or change in legal custody (including a medical
child support order—see Medical child support orders later
in this chapter) requires you to provide medical, dental,
and/or vision coverage for your eligible dependent child,
you may add coverage for your eligible dependent child
(and yourself, if you are not already covered). If the order
requires your spouse, former spouse, or other person
to provide medical, dental, and/or vision coverage for
your dependent child, and that other coverage is in fact
provided, you may drop coverage for the dependent child.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
40
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
MEDICARE OR MEDICAID ENTITLEMENT
If you or your eligible dependents are enrolled in medical
coverage (including an HMO or PPO Plan option), accident
insurance, or critical illness insurance, you can drop that
coverage if you or your dependents become entitled to
Medicare or Medicaid benefits or coverage under a state
children’s health insurance plan. If you or your eligible
dependents become eligible for assistance under Medicaid
or a state children’s health insurance plan to help you pay
for Plan coverage, you must request coverage under the
Plan within 60 days of becoming eligible for assistance.
For information about circumstances in which you
may change your benefits, contact People Services
at 800-421-1362.
CHANGES IN YOUR COVERAGE FOLLOWING
AN ELECTION CHANGE EVENT
When you experience an election change event, you
must request your change within 60 days from the date
of the event.
Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, if you add a spouse or
partner or other eligible dependent due to a life event, each
person must individually meet any applicable benefit waiting
period (for example, for transplant coverage or weight loss
surgery) and will be subject to applicable Plan limitations. If
you change medical plans due to an election change event,
your annual deductible and out‑of‑pocket maximum will
be reset,* and you will be responsible for meeting the new
deductible and out‑of‑pocket maximum in their entirety.
If you change from the Contribution Plan to another plan,
your HRA balance under the Contribution Plan will be
forfeited. See The medical plan chapter for information.
If you are covered as a dependent and move to coverage as
an associate during the Plan year, you will not receive credit
under the AMP for expenses incurred prior to the date of
the change.* However, if you are covered as a dependent
and you experience a qualifying event that affects your
status as a dependent and makes you eligible for your own
continuation coverage under COBRA, you will receive credit
toward your deductibles and out‑of‑pocket maximum under
the AMP for expenses incurred as a covered dependent. You
will also receive credit toward any waiting periods.
The Plan reserves the right to request additional necessary
documentation to show proof of an election change event.
*If you or an eligible dependent were enrolled in the Associates’
Medical Plan (AMP) and had accrued amounts toward, or had
reached, the maximum lifetime benefit applicable to fertility
benefits under the Centers of Excellence family-building
program, no portion of the maximum lifetime benefit will
reset for any reason.
HIPAA SPECIAL ENROLLMENT FOR
MEDICAL COVERAGE
Under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996 (HIPAA), you also may have a right to a special
enrollment in medical coverage under the Plan if you lose
other coverage or acquire a dependent. These events (some
of which are also life events) include:
• If you decline enrollment for yourself or your dependents
because of other health insurance or group health
plan coverage, you may be able to enroll yourself, and
if you choose, your dependents in this Plan if you or
your dependents lose eligibility for that coverage (or if
the employer stops contributing toward your or your
dependents’ other coverage). You must request enrollment
within 60 days after you or your dependents’ other
coverage ends (or after the employer stops contributing
toward the other coverage). Such coverage will be
effective upon the date you enroll in the Plan.
• If you have a new dependent as a result of marriage, birth,
adoption, or placement for adoption, you may be able to
enroll yourself and/or your eligible dependents. You must
request enrollment within 60 days. Such coverage will be
effective the date of the event.
• If you or a dependent is no longer eligible for coverage
under Medicaid or a state children’s health plan, or you
or a dependent becomes eligible for assistance for Plan
coverage under Medicaid or a state children’s health
plan, you must request enrollment within 60 days of the
prior coverage terminating or your becoming eligible for
assistance. Such coverage will be effective upon the date
you enroll in the Plan.
To request special enrollment or obtain more information,
refer to the information earlier in this chapter regarding
election change events or contact People Services
at 800-421-1362.
HOW TO CHANGE YOUR ELECTIONS DUE
TO AN ELECTION CHANGE EVENT
You can make changes online within 60 days of the event
on One.Walmart.com/Enroll for the following election
change events:
• Adoption
• Birth
• Commencement of domestic partnership
• Commencement of legal relationship with a person other
than your spouse or domestic partner
• Death of spouse/partner
• Divorce or legal separation
• Gain or loss of legal custody or legal guardianship
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
41
• Gain or loss of coverage by you, your dependent(s), or your
eligible spouse/partner
• Going on leave of absence
• Marriage
• Returning from leave of absence
• Special enrollment period
• Termination of domestic partnership, or
• Termination of legal relationship with a person other than a
spouse or domestic partner.
For all other types of election change events, call People
Services at 800-421-1362.
If your election change event is the birth of a dependent,
the Plan will accept provider billing charges related to
the birth as notice that the newborn is to be added as a
dependent under your coverage, so long as the charges are
submitted within 60 days of the birth.
If you are adding a dependent as a result of marriage,
commencement of a domestic partnership, or
commencement of a legal relationship with a person other
than a spouse or domestic partner, but the individual to be
added as a dependent dies before you have provided notice
of the election change event, the individual will not be
added to your coverage as a dependent.
If you add coverage as a result of an election change event,
that coverage will be effective on the date of the event.
If you drop coverage as the result of an election change
event, that coverage will continue through the date of the
event. If any change is the result of being on an unpaid leave
of absence, the change is effective as of the effective date
of your leave of absence. This does not apply to optional
associate life insurance, optional dependent life insurance,
short‑term disability enhanced plan coverage, long‑term
disability (including enhanced benefits), or truck driver
long‑term disability (including enhanced benefits); see the
Enrollment and effective dates by job classification charts
in this chapter for information about effective dates.
If your election change results in an increase in your
coverage costs, such as if you change from associate‑only
coverage to associate + dependent coverage, the increased
premiums will be deducted from your pay after you notify
People Services of your election change event and will be
retroactive to the effective date of your new coverage.
These retroactive deductions are made on an after‑tax basis.
If you do not notify People Services or go online and
make a change within 60 days of the election change
event, you cannot add or drop coverage until the next
Annual Enrollment or until you experience a different
election change event. However, as described earlier in this
Permitted election changes outside Annual Enrollment
section, any change you make in connection with an election
change event must be directly related to the impact of the
event on your benefits. Also, if the election change event is
due to your dependent losing eligibility, your dependent will
lose the right to elect COBRA coverage for medical, dental,
and/or vision benefits if you do not notify People Services
of the event within 60 days. Similarly, if the election change
event is due to your divorce, the termination of a domestic
partnership, or the termination of a legal relationship with
a person other than your spouse or domestic partner, your
former spouse/partner will lose the right to elect COBRA
coverage for medical, dental, and/or vision benefits if People
Services is not notified of the event within 60 days. See the
COBRA chapter for more information.
If your job classification changes
Transitioning from one job classification to another may
affect your eligibility for certain benefits. The charts on
the following pages discuss the changes that will occur as
a result of the change in classification. If you don’t enroll
in some voluntary benefits when you are first eligible, but
enroll at a later date, there may be additional requirements.
For more information, see Enrollment and effective dates
by job classification earlier in this chapter and refer to the
chart that applies to your new job classification.
If your job classification changes from management or
full‑time hourly associate to part‑time or temporary
associate or part‑time truck driver, your spouse/partner will
no longer be eligible for medical, dental, vision, dependent
life insurance, AD&D, critical illness, or accident coverage.
You will no longer be eligible for company‑paid life or
disability coverage. If this change results in you or your
spouse/partner or other dependent losing coverage, see
the COBRA chapter to learn how you and/or your eligible
dependents may be able to continue medical, dental, and
vision coverage.
NOTE: If your job classification changes to part‑time hourly
or temporary associate, see the earlier section of this
chapter titled Part‑time hourly and temporary associates:
eligibility checks for medical benefits.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
42
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Transferring from one job classification to another
PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO A FULL-TIME HOURLY POSITION (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Enrollment details and coverage effective dates
You have been
continuously employed
for more than 52 weeks
and were eligible for
medical coverage under
the Plan as a part-time
hourly or temporary
associate immediately
prior to your transition
OR
You gained eligibility for
benefits by passing any
of your 60-day eligibility
checks described
earlier in this chapter
in the section titled
Your 60‑day eligibility
checks during your first
52 weeks of employment
You have 60 days to enroll or make changes from the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs.
• If you are currently enrolled in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, or accident insurance,
you can increase your coverage type to associate + spouse/partner or associate + family as a result
of your change in job classification. If you are not currently enrolled in medical, dental, vision,
AD&D, critical illness, and/or accident insurance, you may enroll only in associate + spouse/partner
or associate + family coverage as a result of your change in job classification, until the next Annual
Enrollment or until you experience a valid election change event. You may not select associate‑only
or associate + child(ren) coverage as a result of your change in job classification, as you were
already eligible for those coverage types as a part‑time hourly or temporary associate.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in medical, dental, vision,
AD&D, critical illness, and/or accident insurance coverage after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in company-paid life insurance on the first day of the pay period in
which your transition occurs.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
43
PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO A FULL-TIME HOURLY POSITION (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Enrollment details and coverage effective dates
You have been
continuously employed
for more than 52 weeks
and were eligible for
medical coverage under
the Plan as a part-time
hourly or temporary
associate immediately
prior to your transition
OR
You gained eligibility for
benefits by passing any
of your 60-day eligibility
checks described
earlier in this chapter
in the section titled
Your 60‑day eligibility
checks during your first
52 weeks of employment
(Continued)
• You are eligible to enroll in optional dependent life insurance for your spouse/partner:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs and
you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on the date you enroll.
– If you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, your coverage is subject to Prudential’s
approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health for your spouse/partner, who may be
required to undergo a medical exam at their own expense. If approved, your coverage is effective
on the date Prudential approves your coverage.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in optional associate and
dependent life insurance after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in the short-term disability basic plan effective the later of 1) the
first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs, or 2) the 12-month anniversary of your
date of hire unless you work in the states of California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which
have legally mandated disability plans.
• You are eligible to enroll in the short-term disability enhanced plan unless you work in the states
of California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally mandated disability plans
(associates in New York can enroll in the NY short-term disability enhanced plan) as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs and
you have been employed for more than 52 weeks on that date, your coverage is effective on the
first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the date you enroll.*
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs
and you have not been employed for more than 52 weeks on that date, your coverage is effective
on the 12-month anniversary of your date of hire.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the short-term
disability enhanced plan after your initial enrollment period.
• You are eligible to enroll in the full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs and
you have been employed for more than 52 weeks on that date, your coverage is effective on the
first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the date you enroll.*
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs and
you have not been employed for more than 52 weeks on that date, your coverage is effective on the
12-month anniversary of your date of hire.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the long-term
disability plan after your initial enrollment period.
* Your coverage is effective either the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or
the date of your enrollment, depending on your choice and on the manner in which you enroll:
• If you enroll online within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
coverage is effective the date you enroll.
• If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs by
calling People Services, you may choose for coverage to be effective either the first day of the pay
period in which your transition occurs or the date you enroll. If you choose for coverage to be effective
on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs, premiums are deducted from your
biweekly pay on an after-tax basis retroactively to your effective date.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
44
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO A FULL-TIME HOURLY POSITION (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You have been
continuously employed
for more than 52 weeks
and were not eligible for
medical coverage under
the Plan as a part-time
hourly or temporary
associate immediately
prior to your transition
You have 60 days to enroll or make changes from the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in medical coverage. See The medical plan chapter for information.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in medical coverage
after your initial enrollment period.
• If you are currently enrolled in dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, or accident insurance, you
can increase your coverage type to associate + spouse/partner or associate + family as a result
of your change in job classification. If you are not currently enrolled in dental, vision, AD&D,
critical illness, and/or accident insurance, you may enroll only in associate + spouse/partner or
associate + family coverage as a result of your change in job classification, until the next Annual
Enrollment or until you experience a valid election change event. You may not select associate‑only
or associate + child(ren) coverage as a result of your change in job classification, as you were
already eligible for those coverage types as a part-time hourly or temporary associate.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in dental, vision, AD&D,
critical illness, and/or accident insurance coverage after your initial enrollment period.*
• You are enrolled automatically in company-paid life insurance on the first day of the pay period in
which your transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in optional dependent life insurance for your spouse/partner:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs and
you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on your enrollment date.
– If you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, your coverage is subject to Prudential’s
approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health for your spouse/partner, who may
be required to undergo a medical exam at their own expense. If approved, your coverage is effective
on the date Prudential approves your coverage.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in optional associate and
dependent life insurance after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in the full-time hourly short-term disability basic plan effective
the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs unless you work in the states of
California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally mandated disability plans.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
45
PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO A FULL-TIME HOURLY POSITION (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You have been
continuously employed
for more than 52 weeks
and were not eligible for
medical coverage under
the Plan as a part‑time
hourly or temporary
associate immediately
prior to your transition
(Continued)
• You are eligible to enroll in the full-time hourly short-term disability enhanced plan, unless you work
in the states of California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally mandated disability
plans (associates in New York can enroll in the NY short‑term disability enhanced plan) as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the short‑term
disability enhanced plan after your initial enrollment period.
• You are eligible to enroll in the full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the long‑term
disability plan after your initial enrollment period.
* Your coverage is effective either the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or
the date of your enrollment, depending on your choice and on the manner in which you enroll:
• If you enroll online within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
coverage is effective the date you enroll.
• If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs by
calling People Services, you may choose for coverage to be effective either the first day of the pay
period in which your transition occurs or the date you enroll. If you choose for coverage to be effective
on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs, premiums are deducted from your
biweekly pay on an after‑tax basis retroactively to your effective date.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
46
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO A FULL-TIME HOURLY POSITION (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You have reached the
first day of the month in
which your 89th day of
continuous employment
occurs but have been
continuously employed
for less than 52 weeks
AND
You did not gain eligibility
for benefits by passing any
of your 60‑day eligibility
checks described earlier
in this chapter in the
section titled Your 60‑day
eligibility checks during
your first 52 weeks of
employment
You have 60 days to enroll or make changes from the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, and accident insurance.
See the respective chapters in this Summary Plan Description for more information.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in medical, dental, vision,
AD&D, critical illness, and/or accident insurance coverage after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in company-paid life insurance on the first day of the pay period in
which your transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in optional associate life insurance and optional dependent life insurance:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs and
you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on your enrollment date.
– If you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, coverage for you and your spouse/partner
is subject to Prudential’s approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health for you
and your spouse/partner and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense.
If approved, your coverage is effective on the date Prudential approves your coverage.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in optional associate
and dependent life insurance after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in the full-time hourly short-term disability basic plan effective on
the 12‑month anniversary of your date of hire unless you work in the states of California, Hawaii,
New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally mandated disability plans.
• You are eligible to enroll in the full-time hourly short-term disability enhanced plan unless you work
in the states of California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally mandated disability
plans (associates in New York can enroll in the NY short‑term disability enhanced plan) as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the later of 1) the 12‑month anniversary of your date of hire, or
2) the 12-month anniversary of the date of your transition.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the short‑term
disability enhanced plan after your initial enrollment period.
• You are eligible to enroll in full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan coverage
as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the later of 1) the 12‑month anniversary of your date of hire, or
2) the date you enroll.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the long‑term
disability after your initial enrollment period.
* Your coverage is effective either the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date of your enrollment, depending on your choice and on the manner in which you enroll:
• If you enroll online within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
coverage is effective the date you enroll.
• If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs by
calling People Services, you may choose for coverage to be effective either the first day of the pay
period in which your transition occurs or the date you enroll. If you choose for coverage to be effective
on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs, premiums are deducted from your
biweekly pay on an after‑tax basis retroactively to your effective date.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
47
PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO A FULL-TIME HOURLY POSITION (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You have reached the
first day of the month in
which your 89th day of
continuous employment
occurs but have been
continuously employed
for less than 52 weeks
AND
You gained eligibility for
benefits by passing any
of your 60‑day eligibility
checks described
earlier in this chapter
in the section titled
Your 60‑day eligibility
checks during your first
52 weeks of employment
You have 60 days to enroll or make changes from the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs.
• If you are currently enrolled in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, or accident insurance,*
you can increase your coverage type to associate + spouse/partner or associate + family as a result
of your change in job classification. If you are not currently enrolled in medical, dental, vision,
AD&D, critical illness, and/or accident insurance, you may enroll only in associate + spouse/partner
or associate + family coverage as a result of your change in job classification, until the next Annual
Enrollment or until you experience a valid election change event. You may not select associate-only
or associate + child(ren) coverage as a result of your change in job classification, as you were already
eligible for those coverage types as a part-time hourly or temporary associate.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in medical, dental, vision,
AD&D, critical illness, and/or accident insurance coverage after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in company-paid life insurance on the first day of the pay period in
which your transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in optional dependent life insurance for your spouse/partner:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs and
you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on your enrollment date.
– If you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, your coverage is subject to Prudential’s
approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health for your spouse/partner, who may
be required to undergo a medical exam at their own expense. If approved, your coverage is effective
on the date Prudential approves your coverage.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in optional dependent
life insurance after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in the full-time hourly short-term disability basic plan effective
on the 12-month anniversary of your date of hire unless you work in the states of California, Hawaii,
New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally mandated disability plans.
• You are eligible to enroll in the full-time hourly short-term disability enhanced plan unless you work
in the states of California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally mandated disability
plans (associates in New York can enroll in the NY short-term disability enhanced plan) as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the later of 1) the 12-month anniversary of your date of hire, or
2) the 12-month anniversary of the date of your transition.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the short-term
disability enhanced plan after your initial enrollment period.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
48
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO A FULL-TIME HOURLY POSITION (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You have reached the
first day of the month in
which your 89th day of
continuous employment
occurs but have been
continuously employed
for less than 52 weeks
AND
You gained eligibility for
benefits by passing any
of your 60‑day eligibility
checks described
earlier in this chapter
in the section titled
Your 60‑day eligibility
checks during your first
52 weeks of employment
(Continued)
• You are eligible to enroll in full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan coverage
as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the later of 1) the 12‑month anniversary of your date of hire, or
2) the 12-month anniversary of the date of your transition.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the long‑term
disability after your initial enrollment period.
* Your coverage is effective either the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or
the date of your enrollment, depending on your choice and on the manner in which you enroll:
• If you enroll online within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
coverage is effective the date you enroll.
• If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs by
calling People Services, you may choose for coverage to be effective either the first day of the pay
period in which your transition occurs or the date you enroll. If you choose for coverage to be effective
on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs, premiums are deducted from your
biweekly pay on an after‑tax basis retroactively to your effective date.
You have not reached
the first day of the
month in which your
89th day of continuous
employment occurs
AND
You did not gain
eligibility for benefits
by passing your 60‑day
eligibility check
described earlier in this
chapter in the section
titled Your 60‑day
eligibility checks during
your first 52 weeks of
employment
You have 60 days to enroll from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, and accident insurance.
See the respective chapters in this Summary Plan Description for more information.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, your coverage is effective on the first day of the calendar month during which your
89th day of continuous full‑time employment falls or the date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective
dates by job classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll
in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, and/or accident insurance coverage after
your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in company-paid life insurance on the first day of the calendar
month during which your 89th day of continuous employment falls.
• You are eligible to enroll in optional associate life insurance and optional dependent life insurance:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs and you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on the later of
1) the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous employment
falls, or 2) the date you enroll.
– If you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, coverage for you and your
spouse/partner is subject to Prudential’s approval. You will be required to provide Proof of
Good Health for you and your spouse/partner and may be required to undergo a medical
exam at your own expense. If approved, your coverage is effective on the later of 1) the first
day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous employment falls, or
2) the date Prudential approves your coverage.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by
job classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in optional
associate and dependent life insurance after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in the full-time hourly short-term disability basic plan effective on
the 12‑month anniversary of your date of hire unless you work in the states of California, Hawaii,
New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally mandated disability plans.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
49
PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO A FULL-TIME HOURLY POSITION (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You have not reached
the first day of the
month in which your
89th day of continuous
employment occurs
AND
You did not gain
eligibility for benefits
by passing your 60‑day
eligibility check
described earlier in this
chapter in the section
titled Your 60‑day
eligibility checks during
your first 52 weeks of
employment
(Continued)
• You are eligible to enroll in the full-time hourly short-term disability enhanced plan, unless you
work in the states of California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally mandated
disability plans (associates in New York can enroll in the NY short‑term disability enhanced plan)
as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the 12‑month anniversary of your date of hire.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the short‑term
disability enhanced plan after your initial enrollment period.
• You are eligible to enroll in full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan coverage
as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the 12‑month anniversary of your date of hire.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the long‑term
disability after your initial enrollment period.
* Your coverage is effective as follows:
• If you enroll online or by calling People Services within 60 days from the first day of the pay period
in which your transition occurs and before the first day of the month during which your 89th day of
continuous full‑time employment falls, your coverage is effective the first day of the month during
which your 89th day of continuous full‑time employment falls.
• If you enroll online within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
and after the first day of the month during which your 89th day of continuous full‑time employment
falls, your coverage is effective on the date you enroll.
• If you enroll by calling People Services within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which
your transition occurs and after the first day of the month during which your 89th day of continuous
full‑time employment falls, you may choose for coverage to be effective on the first day of the month
during which your 89th day of continuous full‑time employment falls. In that case, premiums are
deducted from your biweekly pay on an after‑tax basis retroactively to your effective date.
You have not reached
the first day of the
month in which your
89th day of continuous
employment occurs
AND
You gained eligibility for
benefits by passing your
60‑day eligibility checks
described earlier in this
chapter in the section
titled Your 60‑day
eligibility checks during
your first 52 weeks of
employment
You have 60 days to enroll or make changes from the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs.
• If you are currently enrolled in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, or accident insurance,
you can increase your coverage type to associate + spouse/partner or associate + family as a result
of your change in job classification. If you are not currently enrolled in medical, dental, vision,
AD&D, critical illness, and/or accident insurance, you may enroll only in associate + spouse/partner
or associate + family coverage as a result of your change in job classification, until the next Annual
Enrollment or until you experience a valid election change event. You may not select associate‑only
or associate + child(ren) coverage as a result of your change in job classification, as you were
already eligible for those coverage types as a part‑time hourly or temporary associate.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in medical, dental, vision,
AD&D, critical illness, and/or accident insurance coverage after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in company-paid life insurance on the first day of the calendar
month during which your 89th day of continuous full-time employment falls.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
50
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO A FULL-TIME HOURLY POSITION (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You have not reached
the first day of the
month in which your
89th day of continuous
employment occurs
AND
You gained eligibility for
benefits by passing your
60‑day eligibility checks
described earlier in this
chapter in the section
titled Your 60‑day
eligibility checks during
your first 52 weeks of
employment
(Continued)
• You are eligible to enroll in optional associate life insurance and optional dependent life insurance:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs and
you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on the later of 1) the first day
of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous full‑time employment falls, or
2) the date you enroll.
– If you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, coverage for you and your spouse/partner
is subject to Prudential’s approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health for you
and your spouse/partner and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense. If
approved, your coverage is effective on the later of 1) the first day of the calendar month during
which your 89th day of continuous full‑time employment falls, or 2) the date Prudential approves
your coverage.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in optional associate
and dependent life insurance after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in the full-time hourly short-term disability basic plan effective on
the 12‑month anniversary of your date of hire unless you work in the states of California, Hawaii,
New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally mandated disability plans.
• You are eligible to enroll in the full-time hourly short-term disability enhanced plan unless you work
in the states of California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally mandated disability
plans (associates in New York can enroll in the NY short‑term disability enhanced plan) as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the 12‑month anniversary of your date of hire.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the short‑term
disability enhanced plan after your initial enrollment period.
• You are eligible to enroll in full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan coverage
as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the 12‑month anniversary of your date of hire.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the long‑term
disability after your initial enrollment period.
* Your coverage is effective either the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or
the date of your enrollment, depending on your choice and on the manner in which you enroll:
• If you enroll online within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
coverage is effective the date you enroll.
• If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs by
calling People Services, you may choose for coverage to be effective either the first day of the pay
period in which your transition occurs or the date you enroll. If you choose for coverage to be effective
on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs, premiums are deducted from your
biweekly pay on an after‑tax basis retroactively to your effective date.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
51
PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You have been
continuously employed
for more than 52 weeks
and were eligible for
medical coverage under
the Plan as a part‑time
hourly or temporary
associate immediately
prior to your transition
OR
You have been
continuously employed
for less than 52 weeks
and you gained eligibility
for benefits by passing
any of your 60‑day
eligibility checks
described earlier in this
chapter in the section
titled Your 60‑day
eligibility checks during
your first 52 weeks of
employment
You have 60 days to enroll or make changes from the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs.
• If you are currently enrolled in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, or accident insurance,
you can increase your coverage type to associate + spouse/partner or associate + family as a result
of your change in job classification. If you are not currently enrolled in medical, dental, vision,
AD&D, critical illness, and/or accident insurance, you may enroll only in associate + spouse/partner
or associate + family coverage as a result of your change in job classification, until the next Annual
Enrollment or until you experience a valid election change event. You may not select associate‑only
or associate + child(ren) coverage as a result of your change in job classification, as you were
already eligible for those coverage types as a part-time hourly or temporary associate.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Management associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in medical, dental, vision,
AD&D, critical illness, and/or accident insurance coverage after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in company-paid life insurance on the first day of the pay period in
which your transition occurs.
• The maximum amount of optional associate life insurance coverage you can select increases from
$200,000 to $1,000,000, and you are eligible to enroll in optional dependent life insurance for
your spouse/partner:
– If you enroll your spouse/partner within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs and you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on the date
you enroll.
– If you enroll your spouse/partner for more than the guaranteed issue amount (or increase your
coverage), coverage is subject to Prudential’s approval. You and/or your spouse/partner will each be
required to provide Proof of Good Health and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your
own expense. If approved, coverage is effective on the date Prudential approves your coverage.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Management associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in optional associate and
dependent life insurance after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in the salaried short-term disability plan or truck driver short-term
disability plan, as appropriate, effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in the full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan or truck
driver LTD plan, as appropriate, as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Management associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the long-term
disability after your initial enrollment period.
* Your coverage is effective either the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date of your enrollment, depending on your choice and on the manner in which you enroll:
• If you enroll online within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
coverage is effective the date you enroll.
• If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs by
calling People Services, you may choose for coverage to be effective either the first day of the pay
period in which your transition occurs or the date you enroll. If you choose for coverage to be effective
on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs, premiums are deducted from your
biweekly pay on an after-tax basis retroactively to your effective date.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
52
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You have been
continuously employed
for more than 52 weeks
and were not eligible for
medical coverage under
the Plan as a part‑time
hourly or temporary
associate immediately
prior to your transition
OR
You have been
continuously employed
for less than 52 weeks
and you did not gain
eligibility for benefits
by passing any of your
60‑day eligibility checks
described earlier in this
chapter in the section
titled Your 60‑day
eligibility checks during
your first 52 weeks of
employment
You have 60 days to enroll from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, and accident insurance.
See the respective chapters in this Summary Plan Description for more information.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Management associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in medical, dental, vision,
AD&D, critical illness, and/or accident insurance coverage after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in company-paid life insurance on the first day of the pay period in
which your transition occurs.
• The maximum amount of optional associate life insurance coverage you can select increases from
$200,000 to $1,000,000, and you are eligible to enroll in optional dependent life insurance for
your spouse/partner:
– If you enroll your spouse/partner within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs and you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on the date
you enroll.
– If you enroll your spouse/partner for more than the guaranteed issue amount (or increase your
coverage), coverage is subject to Prudential’s approval. You and/or your spouse/partner will each be
required to provide Proof of Good Health and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your
own expense. If approved, coverage is effective on the date Prudential approves your coverage.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Management associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in optional associate and
dependent life insurance after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in the salaried short-term disability plan or truck driver short-term
disability plan, as appropriate, effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in the full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan or truck
driver LTD plan, as appropriate, as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Management associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the long-term
disability plan after your initial enrollment period.
* Your coverage is effective either the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or
the date of your enrollment, depending on your choice and on the manner in which you enroll:
• If you enroll online within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
coverage is effective the date you enroll.
• If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs by
calling People Services, you may choose for coverage to be effective either the first day of the pay
period in which your transition occurs or the date you enroll. If you choose for coverage to be effective
on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs, premiums are deducted from your
biweekly pay on an after-tax basis retroactively to your effective date.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
53
FULL-TIME HOURLY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO MANAGEMENT
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You have reached the
first day of the month
in which your 89th
day of continuous
employment occurs
• The maximum amount of optional associate life insurance coverage you can select increases from
$200,000 to $1,000,000.
– If you increase your coverage amount, coverage is subject to Prudential’s approval. You will be
required to provide Proof of Good Health and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your
own expense. If approved, coverage is effective on the date Prudential approves your coverage.
• If you enrolled in the full-time hourly short-term disability plan or the full-time hourly short-term
disability enhanced plan, your coverage will be canceled effective the day prior to the first day of
the pay period in which your transition occurs.
• You are enrolled automatically in the salaried short-term disability plan or the truck driver short‑term
disability plan, as appropriate, effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs.
• Your long-term disability coverage will change as follows:
– If you elected the full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan during your initial
enrollment period (when you were a full-time hourly associate) and it is not effective at the time of your
transition, your coverage is effective the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs.
– If you did not elect the full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan coverage during
your initial enrollment period (when you were a full-time hourly associate), see the Management
associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job classification section earlier in this
chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in long-term disability after your initial enrollment period.
You have not reached
the first day of the
month in which your
89th day of continuous
employment occurs
You have 60 days to enroll from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, and accident insurance.
See the respective chapters in this Summary Plan Description for more information.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
• You are enrolled automatically in company-paid life insurance on the first day of the pay period in
which your transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in optional associate life insurance and optional dependent life insurance:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs and
you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on your enrollment date.
– If you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, coverage for you and your spouse/partner
is subject to Prudential’s approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health for you
and your spouse/partner and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense.
If approved, your coverage is effective on the date Prudential approves your coverage.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Management associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in optional associate and
dependent life insurance after your initial enrollment period.
• You are enrolled automatically in the salaried short-term disability plan or truck driver short-term
disability plan, as appropriate, effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in the full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan or truck
driver LTD plan, as appropriate, as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
see the Management associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job classification
section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the long-term disability after your
initial enrollment period.
* Your coverage is effective either the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the date
of your enrollment, depending on your choice and on the manner in which you enroll:
• If you enroll online within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
coverage is effective the date you enroll.
• If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs by
calling People Services, you may choose for coverage to be effective either the first day of the pay
period in which your transition occurs or the date you enroll. If you choose for coverage to be effective
on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs, premiums are deducted from your
biweekly pay on an after-tax basis retroactively to your effective date.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
54
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
FULL-TIME HOURLY VISION CENTER MANAGERS TRANSFERRING TO MANAGEMENT
Coverage effective dates and details
• Your eligibility for coverage under the full-time hourly short-term disability basic plan and the
short-term disability enhanced plan will be terminated effective the day prior to the first day of
the pay period in which your transition occurs.
• You are enrolled automatically in the salaried short-term disability plan the first day of the pay
period in which your transition occurs.
MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO FULL-TIME HOURLY (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
Within 60 days of your
date of hire and before
you have enrolled
for benefits
You have 60 days to enroll from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, and accident insurance.
See the respective chapters in this Summary Plan Description for more information.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll.*
• You are eligible to enroll in optional associate life insurance and optional dependent life insurance:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs and
you enroll for the guaranteed issue amount, coverage is effective on the date you enroll.
– If you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, coverage for you and your spouse/partner
is subject to Prudential’s approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health for you
and your spouse/partner and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense.
If approved, your coverage is effective on the date Prudential approves your coverage.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in optional associate and
dependent life insurance after your initial enrollment period.
• You are no longer enrolled in the salaried short-term disability plan or the truck driver short‑term
disability plan, as applicable, effective the day prior to the first day of the pay period in which
your transition occurs.
• You are enrolled automatically in full-time hourly short-term disability enhanced plan unless you
work in the states of California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally mandated
disability plans. (Associates in New York are enrolled automatically in the NY short-term disability
enhanced plan.) See the Full-time hourly short‑term disability chapter for more information.
You can change this election within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs.
– If you do not change the election within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which
your transition occurs, your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs.
– If you do change your election (i.e., you cancel enrollment in full-time hourly short-term disability
enhanced coverage) within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the short-term
disability enhanced plan after your initial enrollment period. You are enrolled automatically in the
full-time hourly short-term disability basic plan effective on the first day of the pay period in which
your transition occurs unless you work in the states of California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode
Island, which have legally mandated disability plans.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
55
MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO FULL-TIME HOURLY (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
Within 60 days of your
date of hire and before
you have enrolled
for benefits
(Continued)
• You are eligible to enroll in full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan coverage
as follows:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in long-term disability
after your initial enrollment period.
* Your coverage is effective either the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll, depending on your choice and on the manner in which you enroll:
• If you enroll online within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
coverage is effective the date you enroll.
• If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs by
calling People Services, you may choose for coverage to be effective either the first day of the pay
period in which your transition occurs or the date you enroll. If you choose for coverage to be effective
on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs, premiums are deducted from your
biweekly pay on an after-tax basis retroactively to your effective date.
Within 60 days of your
date of hire and after
you have enrolled
for benefits
You have 60 days to enroll from the date your transition in status occurs.
• Optional associate life insurance coverage amounts over $200,000 are reduced to $200,000.
• Your enrollment in the salaried short-term disability plan or the truck driver short-term disability
plan, as appropriate, is canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the pay period in which
your transition occurs.
• You are enrolled automatically in the full-time hourly short-term disability enhanced plan unless you
work in the states of California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally mandated
disability plans. (Associates in New York are enrolled automatically in the NY short-term disability
enhanced plan.) See the Full-time hourly short‑term disability chapter for more information. You can
change this election within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs.
– If you do not change the election within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which
your transition occurs, your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs.
– If you do change your election (i.e., you cancel enrollment in short-term disability enhanced
coverage) within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs, see
the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job classification
section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the short-term disability enhanced
plan after your initial enrollment period. You are enrolled automatically in the full-time hourly
short‑term disability basic plan effective on the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs unless you work in the states of California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island,
which have legally mandated disability plans.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
56
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO FULL-TIME HOURLY (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
More than 60 days after
your date of hire
If you are currently enrolled for benefits, you have 60 days to make a new enrollment from the date
your transition occurs.
• Optional associate life insurance coverage amounts over $200,000 are reduced to $200,000.
• Your enrollment in the salaried short-term disability plan or the truck driver short-term disability
plan, as appropriate, is canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the pay period in which
your transition occurs.
• You are enrolled automatically in the full-time hourly short-term disability enhanced plan unless
you work in the states of California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island, which have legally
mandated disability plans. (Associates in New York are enrolled automatically in the NY short‑term
disability enhanced plan.) See the Full-time hourly short‑term disability chapter for more
information. You can change this election within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in
which your transition occurs.
– If you do not change the election within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which
your transition occurs, your coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs.
– If you do change your election (i.e., you cancel enrollment in full-time hourly short-term disability
enhanced coverage) within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Full-time hourly associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in the short-term
disability enhanced plan after your initial enrollment period. You are enrolled automatically in the
full-time hourly short-term disability basic plan effective on the first day of the pay period in
which your transition occurs unless you work in the states of California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or
Rhode Island, which have legally mandated disability plans.
FULL-TIME HOURLY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You have met your
eligibility waiting period
and were eligible for
coverage under the Plan
immediately prior to
your transition
• If you are enrolled in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, or accident insurance coverage,
your coverage type is automatically adjusted to associate-only or associate + child(ren) (depending
on whether you have covered dependents), effective the first day of the pay period after your
transition occurs. Associate + spouse/partner and associate + family coverage are not available to
part-time hourly or temporary associates.
• Your enrollment in company-paid life insurance is canceled effective the day prior to the first day
of the pay period in which your transition occurs. You may be able to convert your company-paid
life insurance to an individual policy.
• If you enrolled your spouse/partner in optional dependent life insurance, coverage for your
spouse/partner is canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the pay period following
the pay period in which your transition occurs. You may be able to convert your spouse/partner life
insurance to an individual policy.
• Your enrollment in the full-time hourly short-term disability basic plan and short-term disability
enhanced plan (if you enrolled) is canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the pay period
in which your transition occurs.
• If you elected the full-time hourly long-term disability plan, your enrollment is canceled effective the
day prior to the first day of the pay period following the pay period in which your transition occurs.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
57
FULL-TIME HOURLY ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You have NOT met your
eligibility waiting period
You have 60 days to enroll from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, and accident coverage for
you and your children. You are eligible to enroll in associate-only or associate + child(ren) coverage
types. See the respective chapters in this Summary Plan Description for more information.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs but
before the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous employment
falls, your coverage is effective on the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day
of continuous employment falls.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs but
after the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous employment
falls, your coverage is effective on the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day
of continuous full-time employment falls or the date you enroll.*
• You are eligible to enroll in optional associate life insurance and optional dependent life insurance
for your children:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs but
before the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous employment
falls and you enroll for the guaranteed amount, coverage is effective on the first day of the calendar
month during which your 89th day of continuous employment falls.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs but after
the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous full-time employment
falls and you enroll for the guaranteed amount, your coverage is effective the date you enroll.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs but
before the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous full-time
employment falls and you enroll for more than the guaranteed amount, your coverage is subject to
Prudential’s approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health and may be required to
undergo a medical exam at your own expense. If approved, your coverage is effective on the later of
the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous employment falls or
the date Prudential approves your coverage.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs but
after the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous employment
falls and you enroll for more than the guaranteed amount, your coverage is subject to Prudential’s
approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health and may be required to undergo a
medical exam at your own expense. If approved, your coverage is effective on the date Prudential
approves your coverage.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
see the Part-time hourly and temporary associates chart in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in optional associate and
dependent life insurance after your initial enrollment period.
• If you enrolled your spouse/partner in optional dependent life insurance, coverage for your
spouse/partner is canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs.
• Your enrollment in the full-time hourly short-term disability basic plan and short-term disability
enhanced plan (if you enrolled) is canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the pay period
following the pay period in which your transition occurs.
• If you elected the full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability plan, your enrollment is
canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs.
* Your coverage is effective as follows:
• If you enroll online or by calling People Services within 60 days from the first day of the pay period
in which your transition occurs and before the first day of the month during which your 89th day of
continuous full-time employment falls, your coverage is effective the first day of the month during
which your 89th day of continuous employment falls.
• If you enroll online within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs
and after the first day of the month during which your 89th day of continuous employment falls, your
coverage is effective on the date you enroll.
• If you enroll by calling People Services within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs and after the first day of the month during which your 89th day of continuous full-time
employment falls, you may choose for coverage to be effective on the first day of the month during
which your 89th day of continuous employment falls. In that case, premiums are deducted from your
paycheck on an after-tax basis retroactively to your effective date.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
58
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You are within 60 days
of your date of hire
but have not enrolled
for benefits
You have 60 days to enroll from the date your transition in status occurs.
• You are eligible to enroll in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, and accident coverage
for you and your children. You are eligible to enroll in associate-only or associate + child(ren)
coverage types. See the respective chapters in this Summary Plan Description for more
information.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs, your
coverage is effective on the first day of the pay period in which you enroll or the date you enroll.*
• Your enrollment in company-paid life insurance is canceled effective the day prior to the first day
of the pay period in which your transition occurs. You may be able to convert your company-paid
life insurance to an individual policy.
• You are eligible to enroll in optional associate life insurance and optional dependent life insurance
for your children:
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs but
before the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous employment
falls and you enroll for the guaranteed amount, coverage is effective on the first day of the calendar
month during which your 89th day of continuous employment falls.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs but after
the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous employment falls and you
enroll for the guaranteed amount, your coverage is effective the date you enroll.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs but
before the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous employment
falls and you enroll for more than the guaranteed amount, your coverage is subject to Prudential’s
approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health and may be required to undergo a
medical exam at your own expense. If approved, your coverage is effective on the later of the first
day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous employment falls or the date
Prudential approves your coverage.
– If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs but
after the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous employment
falls and you enroll for more than the guaranteed amount, your coverage is subject to Prudential’s
approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health and may be required to undergo a
medical exam at your own expense. If approved, your coverage is effective on the date Prudential
approves your coverage.
– If you do not enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition
occurs, see the Part-time hourly and temporary associates chart in the Enrollment and effective
dates by job classification section earlier in this chapter for rules that apply if you enroll in optional
associate and dependent life insurance after your initial enrollment period.
• Your enrollment in the salaried short-term disability plan or the truck driver short-term disability
plan, as appropriate, is canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the pay period in which
your transition occurs.
*Your coverage is effective either the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs or the
date you enroll, depending on your choice and on the manner in which you enroll:
• If you enroll online within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs,
coverage is effective the date you enroll.
• If you enroll within 60 days from the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs by
calling People Services, you may choose for coverage to be effective either the first day of the pay
period in which your transition occurs or the date you enroll. If you choose for coverage to be effective
on the first day of the pay period in which your transition occurs, premiums are deducted from your
biweekly pay on an after-tax basis retroactively to your effective date.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
59
MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES TRANSFERRING TO PART-TIME HOURLY OR TEMPORARY (CONTINUED)
Your status at transition Coverage effective dates and details
You are within 60 days
of your date of hire
and you have enrolled
for benefits
You have 60 days to enroll from the date your transition in status occurs.
• If you are enrolled in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, or accident insurance coverage,
your coverage type is automatically adjusted to associate-only or associate + child(ren) (depending
on whether you have covered dependents), effective the first day of the pay period after your
transition occurs. Associate + spouse/partner and associate + family coverage are not available to
part-time hourly or temporary associates.
• Your enrollment in company-paid life insurance is canceled effective the day prior to the first day
of the pay period in which your transition occurs. You may be able to convert your company-paid
life insurance to an individual policy.
• Optional associate life insurance coverage amounts over $200,000 are reduced to $200,000.
• If you enrolled your spouse/partner in optional dependent life insurance, coverage for your
spouse/partner is canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs. You may be able to convert your spouse/partner life insurance to an individual policy.
• Your enrollment in the salaried short-term disability plan or the truck driver short-term disability
plan, as appropriate, is canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the pay period following
the pay period in which the transition occurs.
• If you elected the full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan or the truck driver
LTD plan, as appropriate, your enrollment is canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the
pay period following the pay period in which the transition occurs.
More than 60 days have
passed since your date
of hire
You have 60 days to enroll from the date your transition in status occurs.
• If you are enrolled in medical, dental, vision, AD&D, critical illness, or accident insurance coverage,
your coverage type is automatically adjusted to associate-only or associate + child(ren) (depending on
whether you have covered dependents), effective the first day of the pay period after your transition
occurs. Associate + spouse/partner and associate + family coverage are not available to part-time
hourly or temporary associates.
• Your enrollment in company-paid life insurance is canceled effective the day prior to the first day
of the pay period in which your transition occurs. You may be able to convert your company-paid
life insurance to individual policies.
• Optional associate life insurance coverage amounts over $200,000 are reduced to $200,000.
• If you enrolled your spouse/partner in optional dependent life insurance, coverage for your
spouse/partner is canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the pay period in which your
transition occurs. You may be able to convert your spouse/partner life insurance to individual policies.
• Your enrollment in the salaried short-term disability plan or the truck driver short-term disability
plan, as appropriate, is canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the pay period following
the pay period in which your transition occurs.
• If you elected the full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability (LTD) plan or the truck driver
LTD plan, as appropriate, your enrollment is canceled effective the day prior to the first day of the
pay period following the pay period in which your transition occurs.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
60
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Medical child support orders
If you are eligible for coverage under the Plan, you may
be required to provide coverage for your child pursuant
to a properly completed National Medical Support Notice
(NMSN) or a Qualified Medical Child Support Order
(QMCSO). A QMCSO is a court or administrative agency
order requiring an associate or other parent or guardian
to provide health care coverage for eligible dependents
after a divorce or child custody proceeding. Federal law
requires the Plan to provide medical, dental and/or vision
benefits to any eligible dependent of a Plan participant
required by a qualified court order or enforcement agency
notice meeting the qualifications of a QMCSO. A NMSN is
a standardized medical support notice that is used by state
child support enforcement agencies to require children
to be enrolled in an employer’s group plan. A properly
completed NMSN is considered a QMCSO and must be
honored by all employers’ group health plans.
You can obtain the written procedures for determining
whether an order meets the federal requirements, free
of charge, by contacting Medical Support Services
at 877-930-5607.
Once the Plan determines an order to be a QMCSO,
coverage begins the first day of the pay period in which the
Plan receives the order, unless another date is specified in
the order. If you are eligible for the medical, dental, and/or
vision plan and did not elect coverage before the order
was received, you will be enrolled in the default Premier
Plan with associate + child(ren) coverage at the tobacco
rate, unless the QMCSO specifies otherwise. If you are in
the state of Hawaii, the default plan is Health Plan Hawaii
(HMSA). If you are in a location where the PPO Plan is
offered, the default plan is the Saver Plan.
If you were enrolled in coverage before the order was
received, your child will be added under your existing
coverage, with the following exceptions:
• If you are enrolled in an HMO plan or one of the local
plans, your coverage will change to the Premier Plan,
under which the child would have coverage regardless of
where he or she lives.
• If you are enrolled in the PPO Plan, your coverage will
change to the Saver Plan, under which the child would have
coverage regardless of where he or she lives.
• If you are in the state of Hawaii, your coverage will change
to HMSA.
You have 60 days to call People Services at 800-421-1362
to select an alternative medical plan.
When the Plan receives a QMCSO, it will apply the
following rules:
• If the Plan receives a QMCSO when you are eligible
but prior to you satisfying your initial waiting period for
medical coverage, the order will be put into effect when
your initial waiting period is satisfied, subject to applicable
Plan terms.
• If you are ineligible for coverage when the Plan receives a
QMCSO, the order will be rejected.
• If you are ineligible for coverage when the plan receives
a QMCSO but subsequently become eligible, the Plan
requires a new QMCSO before coverage for your
dependent can take effect.
• If you are eligible for coverage when the Plan receives
a QMCSO, then become ineligible and subsequently
regain eligibility, the Plan requires a new QMCSO before
coverage for your dependent can take effect. This
requirement will apply in the following situations:
– If you become ineligible due to non-payment of
premiums
– If you become ineligible as a result of a change in your
employment status
• If you are eligible for coverage and have a QMCSO in
effect, then terminate, then are rehired and become
eligible again, the Plan requires a new QMCSO before
coverage can take effect.
When the third‑party administrator enforces coverage
for a court‑ordered dependent, information regarding
the dependent is shared only with the legal custodian.
If you have questions, contact Medical Support Services
at 877-930-5607.
DROPPING OR CHANGING
QMCSO COVERAGE
You may drop the court‑ordered QMCSO coverage if the
following applies:
• The QMCSO is terminated by a court or administrative
agency order—you must request your change within 60
days (such as when the QMCSO is no longer appropriate).
EXAMPLE: You are enrolled in medical coverage prior to
the issuance of a QMCSO. A QMCSO is issued for your
child. Pursuant to the terms of the QMCSO, you and your
child are enrolled in medical coverage. Due to a change in
circumstance, the QMCSO is terminated prospectively.
The day after the QMCSO is terminated, you request to
drop coverage for you and your child. The Plan permits
you to drop the coverage for your child who was the 
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
61
subject of the QMCSO as of the date the QMCSO is
terminated. However, you may only drop your associate
coverage at Annual Enrollment, unless another election
change event occurs.
• The QMCSO is rescinded by a court or administrative agency
order (such as if an agency determines the order is invalid).
 EXAMPLE: You had no medical coverage prior to a court
issuing a QMCSO, which requires you to cover yourself
and a child. Pursuant to the QMCSO, you enroll in medical
coverage under the Plan for you and your child. Six months
later, the court determines that it had issued the QMCSO
in error and issues a “rescind order” that retroactively
withdraws the QMCSO. The Plan allows you to return
to “no coverage” effective as of the first date of your
and your child’s enrollment and refunds any associate
premiums. You will be required to pay the cost of benefits
the Plan paid on your behalf during the period for which
coverage is rescinded and premiums refunded. Call the
third-party administrator on the back of your Plan ID care
for more information about this process.
• A child who is the subject of the court order reaches the
age identified in the state issuing the court order for
termination of coverage. Contact your state child support
enforcement agency for details.
If the QMCSO is terminated by court or administrative
agency order, the enforcement of the order will end on
the date specified in the order or the first day of the pay
period in which the Plan receives the order, whichever is
later. Although the order automatically ends, coverage for
the child will not. You will receive a termination notification
letter from Medical Support Services that your order has
terminated, and you will have 60 days from your notification
date to call People Services to drop the child’s coverage.
When a QMCSO terminates, you may not drop your own
coverage or coverage for any other dependent unless there
is a change in status for you or your child, or during Annual
Enrollment. However, you may change your medical plan
option by calling People Services as long as you request
the change within 60 days of the termination notification
letter. For dental coverage, you may not drop associate‑level
coverage at Annual Enrollment or due to an election change
event unless you have been covered for two full calendar years.
If the order to rescind coverage is received, coverage will
be retroactively withdrawn and you will be returned to the
coverage status you had before the QMCSO was enforced,
to the extent permitted by law.
When your Plan coverage ends
Coverage under the Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan for
you and your dependents ends on the earliest of the following:
• At termination of your employment
• On the last day of coverage for which premiums were paid,
if you fail to pay your premiums within 30 days of the date
your premium is due
• On the date of your (the associate’s) death, for you and
your dependents
• On the date of death for a deceased dependent
• On the date you, a dependent spouse/partner, or child
loses eligibility
• When the benefit is no longer offered by Walmart
• Upon misrepresentation or the fraudulent submission of a
claim for benefits or eligibility
• Upon an act of fraud or a misstatement of a material fact,
or
• When you voluntarily drop coverage.
If you voluntarily drop coverage after an election change
event or at Annual Enrollment:
• After an election change event: coverage will continue
through the date of the event. See Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment in this chapter for
information.
• At Annual Enrollment: coverage continues through
December 31 of the current year.
Premium deductions are withheld from your final pay since
those deductions pay for coverage during that pay period.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Eligibility, enrollment,
and effective dates for
associates in Hawaii
Eligibility waiting periods for medical coverage 64
Medical coverage options for Hawaii associates 64
Paying premiums during a leave of absence for Hawaii associates 64
Enrollment and effective dates for Hawaii associates 64
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates for associates in Hawaii
63
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates for
associates in Hawaii
Because you work in Hawaii, there are some special rules about medical and short-term disability
benefits. Those differences are described in this chapter. The rest of the information in this 2023
Associate Benefits Book applies to you.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Health Plan Hawaii (HMSA) Go to hmsa.com 808-948-6372
Kaiser Foundation Health Plan Go to kaiserpermanente.org 800-966-5955
Enroll in Walmart benefits Go to One.Walmart.com/Enroll Call People Services at 800-421-1362
Eligibility questions under the legally
mandated Hawaii Temporary Disability
Insurance program
Go to One.Walmart.com/LOA > mySedgwick Call Sedgwick at 800-492-5678
Notify People Services within 60 days
of an election change event
Go to One.Walmart.com Call People Services at 800-421-1362
What you need to know as a Hawaii associate
• Associates in Hawaii have two medical coverage options: Health Plan Hawaii (HMSA) and the Kaiser Foundation Health Plan.
For information about these medical options, go to One.Walmart.com, or refer to the contact information for each option in
the chart above.
• Because Hawaii has a legally mandated disability plan, full-time hourly associates are generally not eligible to participate in a
Walmart short-term disability plan. However, you may still be eligible for the maternity benefit under the Walmart shortterm disability basic plan. See the Full-time hourly short‑term disability chapter for details.
• Initial eligibility periods for coverage vary for Hawaii associates based on their employment status, as described in this chapter.
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates for associates in Hawaii
64
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Eligibility waiting periods for
medical coverage
MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES
If you are a management associate in Hawaii, the
eligibility terms described in the Eligibility, enrollment,
and effective dates chapter apply to you; management
associates and management trainees in Hawaii are eligible
for medical coverage on their date of hire. For details on
eligibility and enrollment in all of the benefits available
under the Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan, refer to
the chart for management associates in the Enrollment
and effective dates by job classification section of the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
FULL-TIME HOURLY, PART-TIME HOURLY
AND TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES
If you are a full-time hourly associate (including full‑time
hourly pharmacists and field supervisor positions in
stores and clubs) or a part-time hourly and temporary
associate in Hawaii, your eligibility for medical coverage
is subject to special rules applicable to Hawaii associates.
For benefits other than medical and disability, eligibility
terms are described in the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter. Eligibility for other benefits is also
described in charts under Enrollment and effective dates
for Hawaii associates later in this chapter. For details refer
to the appropriate chart.
Medical coverage options for
Hawaii associates
Associates in Hawaii have two coverage options:
• Health Plan Hawaii (HMSA), and
• Kaiser Foundation Health Plan.
For details about these medical options, visit the websites
listed in the chart at the beginning of this chapter.
Paying premiums during a leave of
absence for Hawaii associates
Because the associate portion of your medical premium
is wage-based, no premium is due from you if you are not
receiving wages during an approved leave of absence. The
only premium due for medical coverage while you are on an
approved leave of absence with no wages is the dependent
portion of your premium. All other benefit options require
payment during an approved leave of absence as described
in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Under Hawaii law, Walmart must contribute at least 50% of
the premium for your (associate only) medical coverage,
but not for dependent coverage. Associates are required to
pay the rest of the biweekly cost of the premium, but only
up to 1.5% of their wages or 50% of the biweekly cost of the
premium, whichever is less. For example: if your biweekly
wages are $1,000 and you qualify for tobacco-free rates, you
are not required to pay more than $15 biweekly for coverage
(assuming that the entire premium is at least $30 biweekly).
Enrollment and effective dates for Hawaii associates
FULL‑TIME HOURLY ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Includes full-time hourly pharmacists and field supervisor positions in stores and clubs
NOTE: Don’t confuse the initial enrollment period with the coverage effective date. You must enroll in coverage prior to the coverage effective
date for most benefits.
Plan Enrollment Periods and Effective Dates
Medical Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first paycheck and the day prior to
your effective date.
When coverage is effective:
Your coverage is effective the earlier of:
• The first day of the pay period following a period
of working at least 20 hours per week for four
consecutive weeks, or
• The first day of the calendar month during which your
89th day of continuous full-time employment falls.
If you elect coverage, your election
must remain in effect until the end
of the calendar year containing the
coverage effective date and may not
be changed until Annual Enrollment
for the next calendar year unless you
experience an election change event,
as described in the Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment
section of the Eligibility, enrollment,
and effective dates chapter.
Dental (enrollment is for two full
calendar years)
Vision
Critical illness insurance
Accident insurance
AD&D
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your
first paycheck and the day prior to your coverage
effective date.
When coverage is effective:
Your coverage is effective the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of
continuous full-time employment falls.
(Continued on the next page)
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates for associates in Hawaii
65
FULL‑TIME HOURLY ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
Includes full-time hourly pharmacists and field supervisor positions in stores and clubs
NOTE: Don’t confuse the initial enrollment period with the coverage effective date. You must enroll in coverage prior to the coverage effective
date for most benefits.
Plan Enrollment Periods and Effective Dates
Company-paid life insurance You are automatically enrolled on the first day of the calendar month during which your
89th day of continuous full-time employment falls.
Resources for Living
Business travel accident insurance
You are automatically enrolled on your date of hire.
Hawaii Temporary Disability
Insurance* (legally mandated plan)
Walmart short‑term disability
basic plan
• Basic coverage (not available to
associates who work in Hawaii)
• Maternity benefits (available to
associates who work in Hawaii)
*See the Full-time hourly short‑term
disability chapter for general
information about state benefits
For Hawaii Temporary Disability Insurance, see the Resources chart at the beginning of this
chapter for contact information on eligibility and effective dates.
For maternity benefits under the short-term disability basic plan, you are enrolled
automatically on the 12-month anniversary of your date of hire, and your coverage is
effective on that date, subject to actively-at-work requirements described in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Optional associate life insurance
Optional dependent life insurance
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first paycheck and the day prior to
your coverage effective date.
When coverage is effective:
If you enroll during your initial enrollment period:
• The guaranteed issue amount is effective on the later of 1) the date you enroll, or
2) the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous full‑time
employment falls.
• When you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, your coverage is subject to
Prudential’s approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health for yourself
and/or your spouse/partner and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own
expense. If approved, your coverage is effective on the later of 1) the date Prudential
approves your coverage, or 2) the first day of the calendar month during which your
89th day of continuous full-time employment falls.
If you enroll after your initial enrollment period: You may enroll in, increase, or drop
coverage at any time during the year, but your coverage (including an increase) is subject to
Prudential’s approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health for yourself and/or
your spouse/partner and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense.
If approved, your coverage is effective on the date Prudential approves your coverage.
Long-term disability (LTD) plan
LTD enhanced plan
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first paycheck and the day prior
to first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous full-time
employment falls.
When coverage is effective:
• If you enroll in coverage during your initial enrollment period: Coverage is effective on
the 12‑month anniversary of your date of hire.
• If you enroll in coverage after your initial enrollment period: Your coverage is subject
to Lincoln’s approval. You will be required to submit Proof of Good Health and may be
required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense.
– If you enroll in coverage during Annual Enrollment and are approved, your coverage
will be effective the later of 1) January 1 of the following year, 2) if approved on or
after January 1, the first day of the pay period following the date Lincoln approves your
coverage, or 3) the 12-month anniversary of your date of hire.
– If you are not approved, you may be eligible to enroll during the next Annual
Enrollment or after an election change event but will be subject to the same Proof
of Good Health requirements. 
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates for associates in Hawaii
66
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
PART-TIME HOURLY AND TEMPORARY ASSOCIATES
NOTE: Don’t confuse the initial enrollment period with the coverage effective date. You must enroll in coverage prior to the coverage effective
date for most benefits.
Plan Enrollment Periods and Effective Dates
Medical*
* Part-time hourly and temporary
associates in Hawaii are not subject
to the requirements described under
Part‑time hourly and temporary
associates: eligibility checks for
medical benefits in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates
chapter.
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first paycheck and the day prior
to your effective date.
When coverage is effective:
Your coverage is effective the earlier of:
• The first day of the pay period following a period
of working at least 20 hours per week for four
consecutive weeks, or
• The first day of the calendar month during which
your 89th day of continuous employment falls.
If you elect coverage, your
election must remain in effect
until the end of the calendar
year containing the coverage
effective date and may not be
changed until Annual Enrollment
for the next calendar year unless
you experience an election
change event, as described in
the Permitted election changes
outside Annual Enrollment section
of the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter.
Dental (enrollment is for two full
calendar years)
Vision
Critical illness insurance
Accident insurance
AD&D
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your
first paycheck and the day prior to your coverage
effective date.
When coverage is effective:
Your coverage is effective the first day of the calendar month during which your
89th day of continuous employment falls.
Resources for Living
Business travel accident insurance
You are automatically enrolled on your date of hire.
Hawaii Temporary Disability Insurance
(legally mandated plan)
For Hawaii Temporary Disability Insurance, see the Resources chart at the beginning of
this chapter for contact information on eligibility and effective dates.
Optional associate life insurance
Optional dependent life insurance
Initial enrollment period:
You must enroll in coverage between the date of your first paycheck and the day prior
to your coverage effective date.
When coverage is effective:
If you enroll during your initial enrollment period:
• The guaranteed issue amount is effective on the later of 1) the date you enroll, or
2) the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous
employment falls.
• When you enroll for more than the guaranteed issue amount, your coverage is subject
to Prudential’s approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health and
may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense. If approved, your
coverage is effective on the later of 1) the date Prudential approves your coverage,
or 2) the first day of the calendar month during which your 89th day of continuous
employment falls.
If you enroll after your initial enrollment period: You may enroll in, increase, or drop
coverage at any time during the year, but your coverage (including an increase) is
subject to Prudential’s approval. You will be required to provide Proof of Good Health
and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense. If approved, your
coverage is effective on the date Prudential approves your coverage.
NOTE: Part-time hourly and temporary associates may only cover their eligible dependent children and may not cover
their spouses/partners. Company‑paid life insurance is not available to part‑time hourly and temporary associates.
Management associates: Refer to the chart for management associates in the Enrollment and effective dates by job
classification section of the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter. 
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates for associates in Hawaii
67
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The Associates’ Medical Plan (AMP) 70
Enrollment 70
Role of third-party administrator (TPA) 71
AMP options available to you 72
Evaluating your options 81
Provider networks 85
Emergency, preventive, and telehealth services 88
Centers of Excellence 90
Walmart Health 99
Helping you manage your health 100
Preventive care program 104
Mental health and substance use disorder 107
What is covered by the AMP 107
Prenotification 108
Preauthorization 109
When limited benefits apply to the AMP 109
What is not covered by the AMP 114
Filing a medical claim (other than travel benefits for complex care) 116
Filing a claim for travel benefits for complex care 116
If you have coverage under more than one medical plan 116
Break in coverage 118
When coverage ends 118
If you leave the company and are rehired 119
Other information about the medical plan 119
The medical plan
The information in this chapter describes medical benefits that
may be available to you if:
• You are an eligible hourly, temporary, part-time truck driver, or salaried (management) associate
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements, and
• You have enrolled in a timely manner.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
The medical plan
69
The medical plan
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online By Phone:
Health Care Advisor Other Resources
Aetna
(Premier, Contribution, Saver,
and Banner Local Plan)
Go to One.Walmart.com or
aetna.com
855-548-2387
800-525-6257
(Chicago metro &
south FL)
833-554-1544
(AZ, TN, MN, CO)
800-626-9170
(GA, OH)
Aetna
151 Farmington Avenue
Hartford, Connecticut 06156
BlueAdvantage
Administrators of Arkansas
(Premier, Contribution, and
Saver Plan)
Go to One.Walmart.com or
blueadvantagearkansas.com
866-823-3790 BlueAdvantage Administrators of Arkansas
P.O. Box 1460
Little Rock, Arkansas 72203-1460
UMR
(Premier, Contribution, and
Saver Plan)
Go to One.Walmart.com or
UMR.com
855-870-9177 UMR
P.O. Box 30541
Salt Lake City, Utah 84130-0541
Included Health
• Personal Healthcare
Assistant for participants in
Illinois, Indiana, Missouri,
North Carolina, South
Carolina, and Virginia
855-377-2200
Personal Healthcare
Assistant
HealthSCOPE Benefits
(cancer, transplant, and other
travel programs, and Mercy
Arkansas Local Plan)
800-804-1272
Contigo Health (heart, spine,
hip and knee replacement, and
weight loss surgery programs)
877-230-7037
Request a paper copy of this
2023 Associate Benefits Book
Call People Services
at 800-421-1362
• This chapter generally describes the medical benefits offered under the self‑insured AMP options. See the section titled The
Associates’ Medical Plan (AMP) for information about what it means for an option to be self‑insured.
• In some locations, the AMP also offers health maintenance organization (HMO) and PPO Plan options. Though offered under
the AMP, HMO and PPO Plan options are fully insured and administered separately by the insurer. Terms of coverage for these
options are not described in this chapter. If a fully insured option is available at your work location, coverage details are described
in materials online at One.Walmart.com or provided separately by the HMO or PPO insurer. However, the eligibility terms in the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter override any inconsistent terms in any HMO and PPO documents.
• Some HMOs require participants to accept an arbitration agreement before coverage under the HMO can become
effective. If the arbitration agreement is not received by the HMO within 60 days of your enrollment, your HMO coverage
will not take effect and you will not have medical coverage under the AMP unless you experience a valid election change
event as described in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
• Some programs described in this chapter also are available to participants enrolled in the fully insured PPO Plan option. For
details, see the Helping you manage your health section in this chapter.
The medical plan
70
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The Associates’ Medical Plan (AMP)
The information in this chapter generally applies to you
if you enroll in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan
option, or the Banner or Mercy Arkansas Local Plan option.
These options are referred to, for purposes of this chapter,
as “AMP options.”
The AMP provides medical benefits for you and your eligible
family members through various AMP options. The AMP
options discussed in this chapter are self‑insured, which
means that benefits provided under the options are not
insured by an insurance company. In other words, an
insurance company is not paying benefits out of its own
assets. Instead, you and other associates enrolled in the
AMP options make contributions (often referred to as
“premiums”) through payroll deductions to cover a portion
of the cost of benefits, and the rest of the cost is paid from
company assets or through a trust funded by the company.
While every AMP option generally provides benefits for
the same covered services, a specific option may have
alternative designs in different locations. The information
in this chapter will explain each self-insured AMP option,
including alternative designs, and what you can do to make
the most of the benefits offered to you.
Associates who enroll in medical coverage through an HMO
or PPO Plan option: HMO and PPO Plan options are available
for some work locations. The policies and enrollment
materials for HMO and PPO Plan options may describe
different eligibility requirements and waiting periods than
those described in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective
dates chapter. If there is any difference between an HMO
or the PPO Plan option’s eligibility terms and the eligibility
terms of the Associates’ Medical Plan (AMP) as described
in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter,
eligibility terms in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective
dates chapter will control. However, policy terms related
to covered benefits under these options are described in
materials provided separately by the HMO or PPO insurer
or available at One.Walmart.com.
Enrollment
Be sure to enroll by the deadline described in your enrollment
materials. You must enroll prior to your effective date.
You will be eligible to enroll in the AMP if you meet the
eligibility conditions described in the Eligibility, enrollment,
and effective dates chapter.
WHEN AND HOW TO ENROLL
Don’t confuse the enrollment period with the effective date of
your coverage. The enrollment period is the time period during
which you are required to make your benefit elections.
Your coverage effective date is when those elections take
effect. Your specific enrollment period and effective date
will vary depending on a number of factors. Refer to the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for more
information. Be sure to enroll by the enrollment deadline
that will be stated in the enrollment materials that you
receive. The AMP is not permitted to make exceptions to let
individual associates enroll after the enrollment period ends
so you must enroll by the deadline, or you will have to wait
until the next Annual Enrollment unless you experience an
election change event. See the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter for details.
The online benefits enrollment tool can be accessed
through One.Walmart.com.
CHOOSING A COVERAGE TIER
When you enroll in the AMP, you will select your coverage
tier, including any eligible family members you wish to cover.
Coverage tiers are:
• Associate only
• Associate + spouse/qualifying partner (not available for
part-time hourly or temporary associates, or part-time
truck drivers)
• Associate + child(ren), or
• Associate + family (not available for part-time hourly or
temporary associates, or part-time truck drivers).
For information on dependent eligibility, including which
family members may be enrolled for coverage, and when,
see the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
COST OF COVERAGE
The contributions, or “premiums” you pay for medical
coverage will vary, depending on the AMP option you
choose, the coverage tier you choose, and whether you are
eligible for tobacco‑free rates.
The medical plan
71
Role of third-party administrator
(TPA)
The AMP provides medical benefits only for certain
services, which are generally referred to as “covered
services.” Expenses for “covered services” are “eligible
medical expenses.” The AMP administrator has delegated
the fiduciary authority to make claims and appeals decisions,
including prior authorization determinations where
applicable, to several third‑party administrators (“TPAs”).
Your specific TPA will depend on the AMP option you
choose and your work location, and in some cases, the type
of services you receive. The TPA that generally administers
the AMP option you elect is identified on your plan ID card.
However, for certain covered services, like those available
through the Centers of Excellence program or the travel
benefit for complex care, a different TPA will administer the
benefits. See the chart below. The TPA will use its internal
policies and procedures to make claims and appeals decisions
on behalf of the AMP.
Note that your TPA may also be an insurance company that
issues health insurance policies. This does not mean your
medical benefits under the AMP are insured. These insurers
may also serve as TPAs for self‑funded plans. In this case,
the administrator of the AMP has delegated responsibility
for determining claims for benefits under the AMP to the
applicable TPA, which may consult health care professionals
to assist in making claims determinations.
THIRD-PARTY ADMINISTRATORS (TPAS) DELEGATED BY PLAN ADMINISTRATOR
Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan options
and family-building benefits under the Centers of
Excellence program
Aetna Life Insurance Company (Aetna)*
BlueAdvantage Administrators of Arkansas (BlueAdvantage)*
UMR
Banner Local Plan option Aetna
Mercy Arkansas Local Plan option HealthSCOPE Benefits
Centers of Excellence program: Cancer medical
record review, outpatient kidney dialysis or ESRD
medical record review, transplant services, and
related travel benefits (including for family building)
Also: breast pump preventive care benefit and doula
program
HealthSCOPE Benefits
Centers of Excellence program: Heart surgery, spine
surgery, hip and knee replacement, and weight loss
surgery, and related travel benefits under the Centers
of Excellence program
Contigo Health
*For AMP participants in Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Minnesota, Missouri, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, or Wisconsin, preauthorization requests (“pre-service claims”) may be decided by
Included Health or a third party on behalf of Included Health.
In addition to determining your claims for benefits, the TPA for your AMP option also provides access to its provider network.
A provider network is a group of providers who have each contracted with the TPA and have agreed to accept a negotiated
amount for covered services they provide. That means the total amount of the eligible medical expenses paid by you and the
AMP for covered services will not be more than the negotiated amount. Network providers are not permitted to bill you for
any amount over that negotiated amount for covered services under the AMP.
The medical plan
72
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
AMP options available to you
Generally, the specific AMP options available to you will
depend on your work or assigned‑facility location (“work
location”). If you are a remote worker or are receiving
continuation coverage under COBRA, you will be assigned to
the facility closest to your address of record. If you are a truck
driver, your plan option may be determined by your home
address on record rather than work location. The specific
AMP options available to you will be listed in your enrollment
materials and when you enter the online enrollment system,
only those options will be available for you to choose. Over
the next few pages, you will find charts of the various
options that may be available at your work location. Each
chart provides a summary of coverage for each AMP option.
Immediately following the charts is information to help you
evaluate the option that is right for you.
PREMIER, CONTRIBUTION, SAVER
PLAN OPTIONS
The three main options available to most associates
nationwide are the Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan
options. The chart titled Premier, Contribution, Saver
Plan options—Nationwide compares these options side by
side and provides coverage information for each option.
Depending on your work location, every one of these
options may not be available in your specific location.
In some locations, there may be agreements between
the AMP (or a TPA) and providers that include financial
incentives to providers to manage care.
The Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan options may vary
slightly in the actual design in some locations. To make it
easier for you to evaluate the specific AMP options available
to you, immediately following the Premier, Contribution,
Saver Plan options—Nationwide chart, you will see five charts
with those same AMP options but identified by geographical
areas in which those options are available. Whether you will
be offered one of the location‑specific Premier, Contribution,
or Saver Plan options depends on your work location.
If your work location is in one of the following areas, the
AMP options offered to you will include one or more of
the location-specific Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan
option designs:
LOCATION-SPECIFIC PREMIER, CONTRIBUTION, AND SAVER PLAN OPTIONS
Region Counties
Northwest Arkansas Benton, Madison, and Washington
Florida Central (including Orlando and Tampa):
Brevard, Citrus, Hernando, Hillsborough, Lake, Manatee, Marion, Orange,
Osceola, Pasco, Pinellas, Polk, Sarasota, Seminole, Sumter, and Volusia
Northeast:
Alachua, Baker, Bradford, Clay, Duval, Flagler, Nassau, Putnam, and St. Johns
South (including Ft. Lauderdale, Miami, Naples, and Port St. Lucie):
Broward, Charlotte, Collier, DeSoto, Glades, Hardee, Hendry, Highlands, Indian
River, Lee, Martin, Miami-Dade, Monroe, Okeechobee, Palm Beach, and St.
Lucie
Illinois/Indiana (Chicago metro) Illinois:
Cook, DeKalb, DuPage, Grundy, Kane, Kendall, Lake, McHenry, and Will
Indiana:
Lake and Porter
Oklahoma Oklahoma City:
Canadian, Cleveland, Lincoln, Logan, McClain, and Oklahoma
Tulsa:
Creek, Osage, Rogers, Tulsa, and Wagoner
Texas Austin:
Bastrop, Caldwell, Hays, Travis, and Williamson
Dallas/Fort Worth (“DFW”):
Collin, Dallas, Denton, Ellis, Henderson (northwestern), Hunt, Johnson,
Kaufman, Parker, Rockwall, Tarrant, and Wise
Houston:
Austin, Brazoria, Chambers, Fort Bend, Galveston, Harris, Liberty, Montgomery,
and Waller
San Antonio:
Atascosa, Bexar, Comal, Guadalupe, Kendall, Medina, and Wilson
The medical plan
73
The charts applicable to these locations are:
• Premier, Contribution, Saver Plan options—northwest
Arkansas (select counties)
• Premier, Contribution, Saver Plan options—central,
northeast, and south Florida (select counties)
• Premier, Contribution, Saver Plan options—Chicago metro
(select counties)
• Premier, Contribution, Saver Plan options—Oklahoma
(select counties)
• Premier, Contribution, Saver Plan options—Texas
(select counties)
Unless otherwise indicated throughout this chapter,
references to a “Premier,” “Contribution,” or “Saver”
Plan option will be a reference to the option, generally,
regardless of whether the option is available nationwide
or only in certain areas, unless otherwise specified.
For example:
“Premier Plan option” is a reference to the Premier Plan
option, generally, whether available nationwide or in a
specific area.
“Contribution Plan option/northwest Arkansas” is a
reference to the Contribution Plan option available to
associates with work locations in the Arkansas counties
specified on the previous page.
“Saver Plan option/nationwide” is a reference to the Saver
Plan option available to associates with work locations that
are not in any of the counties specified on the previous page.
“Saver Plan option/central, northeast, and south Florida” is
a reference to the Saver Plan option available to associates
with work locations in the Florida counties specified on the
previous page.
“Premier Plan option/Chicago metro" is a reference to
the Premier Plan option available to associates with work
locations in the Chicago metro counties specified on the
previous page.
“Premier Plan option/Oklahoma” is a reference to the
Premier Plan option available to associates with work
locations in the Oklahoma counties specified on the
previous page.
“Premier Plan option/Texas” is a reference to the Premier
Plan option available to associates with work locations in the
Texas counties specified on the previous page.
LOCAL PLAN OPTIONS
If available at your work location, the AMP options available
to you may also include “local plans,” which provide access
to groups of providers in a specific area. Agreements
between the AMP and these providers may include financial
incentives to manage care. With limited exceptions, in the
designated area where a local plan option is available, it
will generally replace the Contribution Plan option as a
coverage option if your work location is in that area. In other
words, if a local plan is available in an area that includes your
work location, the AMP options available to you will likely be
the Premier, Saver, or the available local plan option, but not
the Contribution Plan option, with limited exceptions.
Local plan options are available in designated areas, as
listed here:
Banner Local Plan
• Phoenix, Arizona metropolitan area
Mercy Arkansas Local Plan
• Portions of northwest Arkansas and
McDonald County, Missouri
For details about coverage under the local plan options,
see the chart titled Local plan options—Banner and
Mercy Arkansas.
The medical plan
74
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
PREMIER, CONTRIBUTION, SAVER PLAN OPTIONS—NATIONWIDE
Refer to the charts on the following pages if your work location is in the following areas:
• Northwest Arkansas (select counties)
• Central, northeast, and south Florida (select counties)
• Chicago metro (select counties)
• Oklahoma (select counties)
• Texas (select counties)
Premier Plan Contribution Plan Saver Plan
Annual deductible (Individual/Family)
• Network
• Out-of-network
$2,750/$5,500
$5,500/$11,000
$1,750/$3,500
$3,500/$7,000
$3,000/$6,000
$6,000/$12,000
Walmart-provided funds
(Individual/Family) N/A
$250/$500
Maximum annual company
contribution to HRA
$350/$700
Maximum annual company
matching contribution to HSA
Annual out-of-pocket maximum
(Individual/Family)
• Network
• Out-of-network
$6,850/$13,700
None
$6,850/$13,700
None
$6,650/$13,300
None
Eligible preventive care
• Network
• Non-network
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
Doctor visits (provider’s office or telehealth)
Including routine same-day diagnostic tests
performed in doctor’s office
Primary care
• Network
• Non-network
Specialist
• Network
• Non-network
100% after $35 copay
50% after deductible
100% after $75 copay
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
Telehealth video visits through
Doctor On Demand by Included Health $0 copay $0 copay $0 copay after deductible
Urgent care*
• Network
• Non-network
100% after $75 copay
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
Diagnostic tests
Nonpreventive tests ordered or performed
outside a doctor’s office
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
Advanced imaging
MRI and CT scans
• Alternate network
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
50% after deductible
Hospitalization*
Inpatient & outpatient care
Including non-office provider visits and
surgical services
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
Mental health
Inpatient & outpatient (facility)
• Network
• Non-network
Outpatient (provider’s office or telehealth)
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
100% after $35 copay
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
Emergency services* 100% after deductible
and $300 copay
100% after deductible
and $300 copay
100% after deductible
and $300 copay
Pharmacy See The pharmacy benefit chapter
Centers of Excellence See the Centers of Excellence section of this chapter
Walmart Health See the Walmart Health section of this chapter
*For full details about surprise billing and cost sharing for urgent care, hospitalization, and emergency services, see later in chapter. May not apply
to urgent care facilities in your state.
The medical plan
75
PREMIER, CONTRIBUTION, SAVER PLAN OPTIONS—NORTHWEST ARKANSAS
Select counties—see Location-specific Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan Options chart
Premier Plan Contribution Plan Saver Plan
Annual deductible (Individual/Family)
• Network
(Network benefits only) $2,750/$5,500 $1,750/$3,500 $3,000/$6,000
Walmart-provided funds
(Individual/Family) N/A
$250/$500
Maximum annual company
contribution to HRA
$350/$700
Maximum annual company
matching contribution to HSA
Annual out-of-pocket maximum
(Individual/Family)
• Network
(Network benefits only)
$6,850/$13,700 $6,850/$13,700 $6,650/$13,300
Eligible preventive care
• Network
• Non-network
100% (no deductible)
No coverage
100% (no deductible)
No coverage
100% (no deductible)
No coverage
Doctor visits (provider’s office or telehealth)
Including routine same-day diagnostic tests
performed in doctor’s office
Primary care
• Network
• Non-network
Specialist
• Network
• Non-network
100% after $35 copay
No coverage
100% after $75 copay
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Telehealth video visits through
Doctor On Demand by Included Health $0 copay $0 copay $0 copay after deductible
Urgent care*
• Network
• Non-network
100% after $75 copay
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Diagnostic tests
Nonpreventive tests ordered or performed
outside a doctor’s office
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Advanced imaging
MRI and CT scans
• Alternate network
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
Hospitalization*
Inpatient & outpatient care
Including non-office provider visits and
surgical services
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Mental health
Inpatient & outpatient (facility)
• Network
• Non-network
Outpatient (provider’s office or telehealth)
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
100% after $35 copay
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Emergency services* 100% after deductible
and $300 copay
100% after deductible
and $300 copay
100% after deductible
and $300 copay
Pharmacy See The pharmacy benefit chapter
Centers of Excellence See the Centers of Excellence section of this chapter
Walmart Health See the Walmart Health section of this chapter
*For full details about surprise billing and cost sharing for urgent care, hospitalization, and emergency services, see later in chapter. May not apply
to urgent care facilities in your state.
The medical plan
76
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
PREMIER, CONTRIBUTION, SAVER PLAN OPTIONS—CENTRAL, NORTHEAST, AND SOUTH FLORIDA
Select counties—see Location-specific Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan Options chart
Premier Plan Contribution Plan
(Limited availability) Saver Plan
Annual deductible (Individual/Family)
• Network preferred & nonpreferred
• Out-of-network
$2,750/$5,500
$5,500/$11,000
$1,750/$3,500
$3,500/$7,000
$3,000/$6,000
$6,000/$12,000
Walmart-provided funds
(Individual/Family) N/A
$250/$500
Maximum annual company
contribution to HRA
$350/$700
Maximum annual company
matching contribution to HSA
Annual out-of-pocket maximum
(Individual/Family)
• Network preferred & nonpreferred
• Out-of-network
$6,850/$13,700
None
$6,850/$13,700
None
$6,650/$13,300
None
Eligible preventive care
• Network preferred
• Network nonpreferred & non‑network
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
Doctor visits (provider’s office or telehealth)
Including routine same-day diagnostic tests
performed in doctor’s office
Primary care
• Network preferred*
• Network nonpreferred & non‑network
Specialist
• Network preferred*
• Network nonpreferred & non‑network
100% after $35 copay
50% after deductible
100% after $75 copay
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
Telehealth video visits through
Doctor On Demand by Included Health $0 copay $0 copay $0 copay after deductible
Urgent care**
• Network preferred
• Network nonpreferred & non-network
100% after $75 copay
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
Diagnostic tests
Nonpreventive tests ordered or performed
outside a doctor’s office
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
Advanced imaging
MRI and CT scans
• Alternate network
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
50% after deductible
Hospitalization**
Inpatient & outpatient care
Including non-office provider visits and
surgical services
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
Mental health
Inpatient & outpatient (facility)
• Network
• Non-network
Outpatient (provider’s office or telehealth)
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
100% after $35 copay
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
Emergency services** 100% after deductible
and $300 copay
100% after deductible
and $300 copay
100% after deductible
and $300 copay
Pharmacy See The pharmacy benefit chapter
Centers of Excellence See the Centers of Excellence section of this chapter
Walmart Health See the Walmart Health section of this chapter
*Benefits for professional charges in a non-office setting are 75% for preferred and 50% for nonpreferred.
**For full details about surprise billing and cost sharing for urgent care, hospitalization, and emergency services, see later in chapter. May not apply
to urgent care facilities in your state.
The medical plan
77
PREMIER, CONTRIBUTION, SAVER PLAN OPTIONS—CHICAGO METRO
Select counties—see Location-specific Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan Options chart
Premier Plan Contribution Plan
(Limited availability) Saver Plan
Annual deductible (Individual/Family)
• Network preferred & nonpreferred
(Network benefits only)
$2,750/$5,500 $1,750/$3,500 $3,000/$6,000
Walmart-provided funds
(Individual/Family) N/A
$250/$500
Maximum annual company
contribution to HRA
$350/$700
Maximum annual company
matching contribution to HSA
Annual out-of-pocket maximum
(Individual/Family)
• Network preferred & nonpreferred
(Network benefits only)
$6,850/$13,700 $6,850/$13,700 $6,650/$13,300
Eligible preventive care
• Network preferred
• Network nonpreferred
• Non‑network
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
No coverage
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
No coverage
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
No coverage
Doctor visits (provider’s office or telehealth)
Including routine same-day diagnostic tests
performed in doctor’s office
Primary care
• Network preferred*
• Network nonpreferred
• Non‑network
Specialist
• Network preferred*
• Network nonpreferred
• Non‑network
100% after $35 copay
50% after deductible
No coverage
100% after $75 copay
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
Telehealth video visits through
Doctor On Demand by Included Health $0 copay $0 copay $0 copay after deductible
Urgent care**
• Network preferred
• Network nonpreferred
• Non‑network
100% after $75 copay
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
Diagnostic tests
Nonpreventive tests ordered or performed
outside a doctor’s office
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Advanced imaging
MRI and CT scans
• Alternate network
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
Hospitalization**
Inpatient & outpatient care
Including non-office provider visits and
surgical services
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Mental health
Inpatient & outpatient (facility)
• Network
• Non-network
Outpatient (provider’s office or telehealth)
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
100% after $35 copay
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Emergency services** 100% after deductible
and $300 copay
100% after deductible
and $300 copay
100% after deductible
and $300 copay
Pharmacy See The pharmacy benefit chapter
Centers of Excellence See the Centers of Excellence section of this chapter
Walmart Health See the Walmart Health section of this chapter
*Benefits for professional charges in a non-office setting are 75% for preferred and 50% for nonpreferred.
**For full details about surprise billing and cost sharing for urgent care, hospitalization, and emergency services, see later in chapter. May not apply
to urgent care facilities in your state.
The medical plan
78
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
PREMIER, CONTRIBUTION, SAVER PLAN OPTIONS—OKLAHOMA
Select counties—see Location-specific Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan Options chart
The Contribution Plan is available in limited locations in the Oklahoma City and Tulsa areas.
Premier Plan Contribution Plan
(Limited availability) Saver Plan
Annual deductible (Individual/Family)
• Network preferred & nonpreferred
(Network benefits only)
$2,750/$5,500 $1,750/$3,500 $3,000/$6,000
Walmart-provided funds
(Individual/Family) N/A
$250/$500
Maximum annual company
contribution to HRA
$350/$700
Maximum annual company
matching contribution to HSA
Annual out-of-pocket maximum
(Individual/Family)
• Network preferred & nonpreferred
(Network benefits only)
$6,850/$13,700 $6,850/$13,700 $6,650/$13,300
Eligible preventive care
• Network preferred
• Network nonpreferred
• Non-network
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
No coverage
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
No coverage
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
No coverage
Doctor visits (provider’s office or telehealth)
Including routine same-day diagnostic tests
performed in doctor’s office
Primary care
• Network preferred*
• Network nonpreferred
• Non-network
Specialist
• Network preferred*
• Network nonpreferred
• Non-network
100% after $35 copay
50% after deductible
No coverage
100% after $75 copay
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
Telehealth video visits through
Doctor On Demand by Included Health $0 copay $0 copay $0 copay after deductible
Urgent care**
• Network preferred
• Network nonpreferred
• Non-network
100% after $75 copay
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
Diagnostic tests
Nonpreventive tests ordered or performed
outside a doctor’s office
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Advanced imaging
MRI and CT scans
• Alternate network
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
Hospitalization**
Inpatient & outpatient care
Including non-office provider visits and
surgical services
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Mental health
Inpatient & outpatient (facility)
• Network
• Non-network
Outpatient (provider’s office or telehealth)
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
100% after $35 copay
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Emergency services** 100% after deductible
and $300 copay
100% after deductible
and $300 copay
100% after deductible
and $300 copay
Pharmacy See The pharmacy benefit chapter
Centers of Excellence See the Centers of Excellence section of this chapter
Walmart Health See the Walmart Health section of this chapter
* Benefits for professional charges in a non-office setting are 75% for preferred and 50% for nonpreferred.
**For full details about surprise billing and cost sharing for urgent care, hospitalization, and emergency services, see later in chapter. May not apply
to urgent care facilities in your state.
The medical plan
79
PREMIER, CONTRIBUTION, SAVER PLAN OPTIONS—TEXAS
Select counties—see Location-specific Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan Options chart
The Contribution Plan is available in limited locations in the Austin, Dallas/Fort Worth, Houston, and San Antonio areas.
Premier Plan Contribution Plan
(Limited availability) Saver Plan
Annual deductible (Individual/Family)
• Network preferred & nonpreferred
(Network benefits only)
$2,750/$5,500 $1,750/$3,500 $3,000/$6,000
Walmart-provided funds
(Individual/Family) N/A
$250/$500
Maximum annual company
contribution to HRA
$350/$700
Maximum annual company
matching contribution to HSA
Annual out-of-pocket maximum
(Individual/Family)
• Network preferred & nonpreferred
(Network benefits only)
$6,850/$13,700 $6,850/$13,700 $6,650/$13,300
Eligible preventive care
• Network preferred
• Network nonpreferred
• Non-network
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
No coverage
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
No coverage
100% (no deductible)
50% (no deductible)
No coverage
Doctor visits (provider’s office or telehealth)
Including routine same-day diagnostic tests
performed in doctor’s office
Primary care
• Network preferred*
• Network nonpreferred
• Non-network
Specialist
• Network preferred*
• Network nonpreferred
• Non-network
100% after $35 copay
50% after deductible
No coverage
100% after $75 copay
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
Telehealth video visits through
Doctor On Demand by Included Health $0 copay $0 copay $0 copay after deductible
Urgent care**
• Network preferred
• Network nonpreferred
• Non-network
100% after $75 copay
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
Diagnostic tests
Nonpreventive tests ordered or performed
outside a doctor’s office
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Advanced imaging
MRI and CT scans
• Alternate network
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
50% after deductible
No coverage
Hospitalization**
Inpatient & outpatient care
Including non-office provider visits and
surgical services
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Mental health
Inpatient & outpatient (facility)
• Network
• Non-network
Outpatient (provider’s office or telehealth)
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
100% after $35 copay
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Emergency services** 100% after deductible
and $300 copay
100% after deductible
and $300 copay
100% after deductible
and $300 copay
Pharmacy See The pharmacy benefit chapter
Centers of Excellence See the Centers of Excellence section of this chapter
Walmart Health See the Walmart Health section of this chapter
*Benefits for professional charges in a non-office setting are 75% for preferred and 50% for nonpreferred.
**For full details about surprise billing and cost sharing for urgent care, hospitalization, and emergency services, see later in chapter. May not apply
to urgent care facilities in your state.
The medical plan
80
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
LOCAL PLAN OPTIONS—BANNER AND MERCY ARKANSAS
Banner Mercy Arkansas
Annual deductible
(Individual/Family)
• Network
(Network benefits only)
$3,000/$6,000 $1,750/$3,500
Walmart-provided funds
(Individual/Family) N/A N/A
Annual out-of-pocket maximum
(Individual/Family)
• Network
(Network benefits only)
$6,850/$13,700 $6,850/$13,700
Eligible preventive care
• Network
• Non-network
100% (no deductible)
No coverage
100% (no deductible)
No coverage
Doctor visits (provider’s office or telehealth)
Including routine same-day diagnostic tests
performed in doctor’s office
Primary care
• Network
• Non-network
Specialist
• Network
• Non-network
100% after $35 copay
No coverage
100% after $75 copay
No coverage
100% after $35 copay
No coverage
100% after $75 copay
No coverage
Telehealth video visits through
Doctor On Demand by Included Health $0 copay $0 copay
Urgent care*
• Network
• Non-network
100% after $75 copay
No coverage
100% after $75 copay
No coverage
Diagnostic tests
Nonpreventive tests ordered or performed
outside a doctor’s office
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Hospitalization*
Inpatient & outpatient care
Including non-office provider visits and
surgical services
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
Mental health
Inpatient & outpatient (facility)
• Network
• Non-network
Outpatient (provider’s office or telehealth)
• Network
• Non-network
75% after deductible
No coverage
100% after $35 copay
No coverage
75% after deductible
No coverage
100% after $35 copay
No coverage
Emergency services* 100% after deductible and $300 copay 100% after deductible and $300 copay
Pharmacy See The pharmacy benefit chapter
Centers of Excellence See the Centers of Excellence section of this chapter
Walmart Care Clinic and Walmart Health See the Walmart Health section of this chapter
NOTE: The Mercy Arkansas Local Plan offers limited coverage for chiropractic care office visits. There is a maximum of 10 visits per
calendar year.
*For full details about surprise billing and cost sharing for urgent care, hospitalization, and emergency services, see later in chapter. May not apply
to urgent care facilities in your state.
The medical plan
81
Evaluating your options
WALMART-PROVIDED FUNDS
Contribution Plan option—health
reimbursement account
The Contribution Plan option includes a health reimbursement
account (“HRA”). Each year, the company allocates money to
the HRA for you and any covered dependents to use toward
your share of the cost of eligible medical expenses, including
those that apply toward your annual deductible(s) and
out‑of‑pocket maximum. You may not contribute your own
money to the HRA. Amounts contributed by the company
are made available only for the purposes stated below and will
be forfeited if you are no longer enrolled in the Contribution
Plan option. The annual amount allocated to the HRA within
the Contribution Plan option depends on whether you are
enrolled in associate‑only coverage (in which case you will
be allocated the “individual” amount) or a level of coverage
that includes eligible dependents (in which case you will be
allocated the “family” amount).
At the beginning of each new year, the company will allocate
that year’s HRA funds to your HRA. The AMP automatically
pays your share of eligible medical expenses (except for
prescription drug expenses) from HRA funds until the HRA
funds are exhausted. Each year’s allocation of HRA funds may
initially be used only for eligible medical expenses for covered
services that you receive within that year, except that any
balance remaining in your HRA at the end of the year will
roll over for use during the next year, provided you remain
enrolled in the Contribution Plan option. HRA funds that roll
over to the next year are then designated as “rollover funds.”
Your HRA balance (including your allocated HRA funds for the
current year and any amount rolled over from the previous
year) cannot exceed your network annual deductible under
the Contribution Plan option for the current year.
Only amounts designated as “rollover funds” may be used
to pay for covered services rendered in a previous year.
For example, if you were enrolled in the Contribution Plan
option in 2022 and 2023, any HRA funds allocated in 2023
could be used only for eligible medical expenses for services
received in 2023 but not those received prior to 2023 (such
as an expense incurred in 2022 but not processed until 2023).
However, any “rollover funds”—HRA funds that roll over from
2022 to 2023—may be used for any eligible medical expense
for services received while enrolled in the Contribution Plan.
If you are hired midyear and enroll in the Contribution Plan
option, the company will prorate your initial HRA allocation
on a monthly basis. However, your annual deductible(s) and
out‑of‑pocket maximum are not prorated. If you experience
an election change event, as described in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter, and change your
coverage tier midyear from associate‑only to associate +
family coverage, the company adjusts your HRA allocation,
annual deductible(s), and annual out‑of‑pocket maximum
accordingly. However, if you change from associate + family
coverage to associate‑only coverage, amounts previously
allocated to your HRA will not be reduced.
If you cancel your medical coverage, lose eligibility, or
change from the Contribution Plan option to a different
option, any unused HRA funds are forfeited but will still be
available to pay for eligible medical expenses incurred before
you changed to the different option. If you lose coverage
due to a qualifying event and you continue to be enrolled in
the Contribution Plan option through COBRA continuation
coverage, HRA funds remain available to you under the
terms described above and the company will continue to
allocate funds to your HRA annually as long as you continue
coverage, subject to COBRA’s restrictions on the duration
of continuation coverage. See the COBRA chapter for more
information about COBRA continuation coverage.
Saver Plan option—health savings account
The Saver Plan option gives you the opportunity to
contribute to a health savings account (“HSA”) through
payroll deductions on a pretax basis. The company matches
your payroll deductions into your HSA, dollar‑for‑dollar up
to $350 if you have associate‑only coverage or $700 if you
have elected anything other than associate‑only coverage.
Combined contributions to your HSA (your own and the
company’s) cannot exceed the 2023 annual IRS limit of
$3,850 for associate‑only coverage or $7,750 for all other
coverage tiers, plus a $1,000 catch‑up contribution if you
turn 55 by the end of the 2023 calendar year.
You can choose to use money in your HSA to pay eligible
medical expenses that are subject to the annual deductible(s),
or you can pay them out of your own pocket and save your
HSA money for future expenses. See the Health savings
account (HSA) chapter for additional information.
COST SHARING
The charts on the prior pages explain how the cost of
covered services is shared between you and the AMP. The
portion of eligible medical expenses you are responsible
for paying is referred to as “cost sharing,” which generally
includes the deductible, copayment (or copay), and
coinsurance amounts that are listed in the coverage
summary charts. Cost sharing does not include any other
expenses, such as amounts for services that are not covered
services or amounts that you pay to a non-network provider
that are in excess of the maximum allowable charge.
Annual deductible
Your deductible is the amount of eligible medical expenses
you pay each year for most covered services, including
prescription drugs, before the AMP begins to share in the
cost of covered services. For example, if you have a $1,750
annual network deductible, you will generally need to pay
the first $1,750 of your total eligible medical expenses for
network covered services before the AMP pays any benefit.
The AMP will pay eligible preventive care services and some 
The medical plan
82
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
covered services in the Premier Plan and local plan options
that are subject to a copay (e.g., doctor office visits) before
you meet the applicable annual deductible(s).
Some AMP options have a separate network annual
deductible (for eligible medical expenses paid to network
providers) and an out‑of‑network annual deductible (for
eligible medical expenses paid to non‑network providers).
In those cases, your share of eligible medical expenses
that applies to the network annual deductible also applies
toward the out‑of‑network annual deductible, and vice
versa. If the AMP option you choose has a network and
out‑of‑network deductible, the AMP will begin paying a
portion of the cost of covered services from a network
provider after you have met the network annual deductible,
but the AMP will generally not pay any portion of the cost
of covered services from a non‑network provider until the
out‑of‑network deductible has been met. If an AMP option
does not cover out‑of‑network services, you will only have
a network annual deductible. In this case, amounts paid for
out‑of‑network services are not eligible medical expenses
and will not count toward your network annual deductible.
All AMP options have an “individual” deductible amount
and a “family” deductible amount. The “individual” amount
is your applicable annual deductible if you have elected
associate‑only coverage. The “family” amount is your
applicable annual deductible if you have elected any other
level of coverage that includes eligible dependents. If you
elect coverage for eligible dependents, the deductible(s)
can be met by any combination of you and your covered
dependents, but no AMP benefits are payable, except for
services not subject to a deductible, for either you or your
covered dependents until the entire applicable (network or
out‑of‑network) annual deductible is met.
If you are enrolled in the Contribution Plan option: You can
meet your annual deductible with your company‑provided
HRA funds allocated in the current year and any rollover
HRA funds you may have from a previous year. When you
have used all your HRA funds, you must use your own funds
to meet the remainder of your annual deductible.
If you are enrolled in the Saver Plan option: You
generally must pay full cost for covered services and
prescription drugs until you meet your network annual
deductible. There are exceptions (some preventive and
over‑the‑counter drugs and preventive services), which
are discussed below and in The pharmacy benefit chapter.
The following expenses, if applicable to a specific option,
do not count toward the network or out-of-network
annual deductible(s).
• Copays for pharmacy, in‑person or telehealth doctor
visits, urgent care, Walmart Health, or covered
services for a non‑emergency medical condition in an
emergency department
• Coinsurance for pharmacy and for hip or knee replacement
services outside the Centers of Excellence program
without an exception
• Discounts, coupons, pharmacy discount programs or
similar arrangements provided by drug manufacturers
or pharmacies to assist you in purchasing prescription
drugs (including any prescription drug charges paid
directly to pharmacies on your behalf through discount
programs/coupons)
• Amounts in excess of the maximum allowable charge that
you pay to non-network providers, including but not limited
to amounts paid for services for a non-emergency medical
condition in an emergency department, amounts paid to a
provider subject to notice and consent requirements who
has obtained your consent to bill you for amounts in excess
of the maximum allowable charge, and amounts you pay
to a non-network provider of air ambulance services for
services that would not be covered by the AMP if provided
by a network provider of air ambulance services
• Charges for services (other than copays, discussed
above) provided at any non‑network Walmart Health
(however, amounts for covered diagnostic tests performed
outside the non-network Walmart Health will be subject
to otherwise applicable AMP terms, including other
exclusions in this list)
• Charges for services not covered by the AMP, including
amounts paid for out-of-network services if you are in an
AMP option that does not cover out-of-network services
• Charges for services not covered under the Centers of
Excellence program for family-building services such as
those incurred after you have met your maximum lifetime
benefit amount
• Charges paid 100% by the AMP, such as charges for
preventive services (including preventive drugs) and
certain Centers of Excellence services
• Charges for non‑network preventive services, and
• Premiums.
Copayments
A “copayment” (or “copay”) is a fixed amount that you pay
for a covered service or prescription drug and is usually
paid when you receive the service or fill a prescription.
For covered services subject to a copayment, you must
continue to pay the copayment, even after your network
annual deductible has been met, until you meet your
out‑of‑pocket maximum.
NOTE: The AMP benefit for non‑office
provider visits (e.g., inpatient visit or surgical
services) is 75%, after deductible, for network
providers (or for Premier, Contribution, Saver
Plan options in select counties in central,
northeast and south Florida, Chicago metro,
Oklahoma and Texas; 75%, after deductible, for
preferred providers; and 50%, after deductible,
for nonpreferred providers (if applicable).
The medical plan
83
Coinsurance
For most covered services not subject to a copayment, you
will be required to share the cost of eligible medical expenses
with the AMP after you meet your applicable annual
deductible. The portion you pay is called “coinsurance.”
The charts that contain the coverage summaries show the
benefit (expressed as a percentage of eligible medical
expenses) the AMP will pay for covered services, which
varies depending on the status of the provider. You will be
responsible for paying the remaining portion of the eligible
medical expenses, which is also expressed as a percentage.
For example, if the AMP pays a benefit of 75% of eligible
medical expenses (after your deductible has been met),
your coinsurance amount will be 25% of eligible medical
expenses. Your coinsurance for specific AMP options may
be different from the coinsurance for other AMP options.
• Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan options/nationwide:
These AMP options will generally pay a greater portion
of the cost of covered services received from a network
provider than those received from a non‑network provider.
That means your coinsurance will be a smaller portion
of the cost of covered services if those services are
received from a network provider rather than from a nonnetwork provider. And, when you receive services from a
non‑network provider, you will generally be responsible
for the cost of services in excess of the AMP’s maximum
allowable charge except in the case of covered services
for an emergency medical condition in an emergency
department or certain services provided by a non‑network
provider in a network facility that has not obtained your
consent to bill you. See the Provider networks section for
other exceptions. Find network providers in the provider
directory: IncludedHealth.com/Walmart.
• Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan options/central,
northeast, and south Florida: For some covered services,
the AMP benefit under these options may depend not
only on whether the provider is a network provider, but
on whether the provider is a preferred network provider
or a nonpreferred network provider. Preferred providers
and nonpreferred providers are both network providers.
However, under these options, the AMP will generally pay
a greater portion of the cost of covered services received
from a preferred provider than those received from a
nonpreferred provider. That means your coinsurance will be
a smaller portion of the cost of covered services if those
services are received from a preferred provider rather than
a nonpreferred provider. However, any coinsurance you pay
for covered services will be applied to the deductible and
out-of-pocket maximum regardless of whether you receive
services from a preferred provider or nonpreferred provider.
The AMP also pays a portion of the cost of covered services
received from a non‑network provider under these options,
but it will generally be a smaller portion than the AMP pays
for covered services received from a preferred network
provider. And, when you receive services from a
non‑network provider, you will generally be responsible
for the cost of services in excess of the AMP’s maximum
allowable charge except in the case of covered services
for an emergency medical condition in an emergency
department or certain services provided by a non‑network
provider in a network facility that has not obtained your
consent to bill you. See the Provider networks section for
other exceptions. Find preferred providers in the provider
directory: IncludedHealth.com/Walmart.
• Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan options/Chicago
metro, Oklahoma, and Texas: The AMP benefit for some
covered services under these options may depend not
only on whether the provider is a network provider, but
on whether the provider is a preferred network provider
or a nonpreferred network provider. Preferred providers
and nonpreferred providers are both network providers.
However, under these options, the AMP will generally pay
a greater portion of the cost of covered services received
from a preferred provider than those received from a
nonpreferred provider. That means your coinsurance will be
a smaller portion of the cost of covered services if those
services are received from a preferred provider rather than
a nonpreferred provider. However, any coinsurance you pay
for covered services will be applied to the deductible and
annual out-of-pocket maximum, regardless of whether you
receive services from a preferred provider or nonpreferred
provider. The AMP does not provide coverage for services
received from a non‑network provider under these
options. That means you will be responsible for paying
the entire cost of services received from a non-network
provider. There is an exception for covered services
for an emergency medical condition in an emergency
department or certain services provided by a non‑network
provider in a network facility that has not obtained your
consent to bill you. See the Provider networks section for
other exceptions. Find preferred providers in the provider
directory: IncludedHealth.com/Walmart.
• Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan options/northwest
Arkansas: The AMP does not provide coverage for services
received from a non‑network provider under these
options. That means you will be responsible for paying
the entire cost of services received from a non-network
provider. There is an exception for covered services
for an emergency medical condition in an emergency
department or certain services provided by a non‑network
provider in a network facility that has not obtained your
consent to bill you. See the Provider networks section for
other exceptions. Find network providers in the provider
directory: IncludedHealth.com/Walmart.
• Local plan options: The AMP does not provide coverage
for services received from a non‑network provider
under these options. That means you will be responsible
for paying the entire cost of services received from
a non-network provider. There is an exception for 
The medical plan
84
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
covered services for an emergency medical condition
in an emergency department or certain services
provided by a non‑network provider in a network facility
that has not obtained your consent to bill you. See
the Provider networks section for other exceptions.
Find network providers in the provider directory:
IncludedHealth.com/Walmart.
For all AMP options other than the local plan options, if
your covered services include an MRI or CT scan, the AMP
will generally pay a greater portion of the cost of covered
services received from an alternate network provider than
those received from a network provider. If no alternate
network provider is available in your area, the AMP will pay
the alternate network benefit amount if you use a network
provider. See Advanced imaging network in the Provider
networks section for more information.
The portion that you and the AMP each pay is not calculated
based on the provider’s billed charges. It is calculated as
a percentage of the maximum amount the AMP will allow
for a covered service, also referred to as the “maximum
allowable charge,” or “MAC.” Generally, if your AMP
option includes out‑of‑network coverage and you receive
services from a non‑network provider (other than covered
services for a non‑emergency medical condition in an
emergency department and certain covered services from
a non‑network provider at a network facility that has not
obtained your consent to bill you), you will be responsible
for paying not only cost‑sharing amounts but also any
amounts in excess of the maximum allowable charge.
Network providers will not bill you for covered services in
excess of the maximum allowable charge. See the What is
covered by the AMP section later in this chapter for more
information about how the maximum allowable charge is
calculated.
Annual out-of-pocket maximum
The annual out‑of‑pocket maximum amount is the most
you could pay during the calendar year for your share
of the costs of covered services provided by network
providers. There is no out-of-pocket maximum for services
received from non-network providers. After you meet the
annual out-of-pocket maximum, the AMP generally pays
100% of the maximum allowable charge. However, not
every expense you pay for health care will go toward the
out‑of‑pocket maximum. The following are not applied to
your out-of-pocket maximum: premiums, amounts billed
by a non‑network provider that are above the maximum
allowable charge (if your AMP option provides out-ofnetwork coverage), or amounts for services that the AMP
does not cover. The out‑of‑pocket maximum only applies
to covered services received from a network provider,
including when covered services are received from
nonpreferred providers, preferred providers, and alternate
network providers (for advanced imaging services). In some
cases, coinsurance for covered services received from
a network provider will not count toward your out-ofpocket maximum, including coinsurance for hip or knee
replacement services outside the Centers of Excellence
program without a network exception, coinsurance for
advanced imaging services received from a network
provider when an alternate network provider is available,
or coinsurance for services received from a network
provider when a Blue Select network provider is available (in
applicable locations). See the Provider networks section and
Centers of Excellence section for more details.
The AMP option you choose has an individual out‑of‑pocket
maximum and a family out‑of‑pocket maximum. Regardless
of the coverage tier you choose, you and each of your
covered family members are subject to the individual
out‑of‑pocket maximum. Once you or any of your covered
family members have incurred charges for network covered
services up to that amount, that individual’s eligible medical
expenses are paid at 100% for the rest of the calendar year.
The family out‑of‑pocket maximum is a combination of all
family members’ eligible medical expenses for covered
services received from network providers. Any combination
of two or more family members can contribute to meet the
family out‑of‑pocket maximum. Once you meet the total
family out‑of‑pocket maximum, eligible medical expenses
for covered services from a network provider are paid at
100% for the rest of the calendar year for each member
of your family, even if each individual has not met the
individual out‑of‑pocket maximum.
The following expenses, if applicable to a specific AMP
option, do count toward the annual out‑of‑pocket
maximum:
• Amounts paid toward your annual network and
out‑of‑network deductible
• Copays for in‑person or telehealth doctor visits, urgent
care, non‑network Walmart Health, or covered services
that are emergency services for an emergency medical
condition in an emergency department
• Coinsurance for services provided by a network provider
or by a non‑network provider that the AMP pays as
in‑network
• Pharmacy copays/coinsurance.
The following expenses, if applicable to a specific AMP
option, do not count toward the annual out‑of‑pocket
maximum:
• Charges paid 100% by the AMP, such as charges for
network preventive services and certain Centers of
Excellence services
• Coinsurance when receiving hip or knee replacement
services outside of the Centers of Excellence program
without an exception from network providers, when
receiving advanced imaging services from a network 
The medical plan
85
provider when an alternate network provider is available,
or when receiving services from a network provider when
a Blue Select network provider is available (in applicable
locations). See the Provider networks section and Centers
of Excellence section for more details.
• Charges for non‑network preventive services
• Coinsurance when using non‑network providers
• Amounts in excess of the maximum allowable charge
that you pay to non‑network providers, including but not
limited to amounts paid for services for a non‑emergency
medical condition in an emergency department,
amounts paid to a provider subject to notice and consent
requirements who has obtained your consent to bill you
for amounts in excess of the maximum allowable charge,
and amounts you pay to a non‑network provider of air
ambulance services for services that would not be not
covered by the AMP if provided by a network provider of
air ambulance services
• Copays and charges for services provided at any
non‑network Walmart Health (however, amounts for
covered diagnostic tests performed outside Walmart
Health will be subject to otherwise applicable AMP terms,
including other exclusions in this list)
• Discounts, coupons, pharmacy discount programs, or
similar arrangements provided by drug manufacturers or
pharmacies to assist you in purchasing prescription drugs
(including prescription drug discount/coupons provided to
pharmacies when you fill a prescription)
• Charges for services not covered by the AMP, including
amounts paid for out‑of‑network services if you are in an
AMP option that does not cover out‑of‑network services
• Charges for services not covered under the Centers of
Excellence program for family-building services such as
those incurred after you have met your maximum lifetime
benefit amount, and
• Premiums.
Provider networks
The AMP contracts with your TPA or directly with providers
to provide a network of health care providers from whom
you can receive covered services under the AMP at
discounted prices. See the TPA networks section on the
following page. Although the company and the AMP seek
to utilize providers and provider networks that provide
quality care, neither the company nor the AMP make
any representations regarding the quality of services you
will receive from any provider. The AMP does not furnish
hospital or medical services and is not liable for any act
or omission of any provider or agent of such provider,
including failure or refusal to render services. All medical
decisions are between you and your provider.
A network provider is, generally, a provider who has agreed
to accept a contracted amount as full payment for covered
services. Each AMP option has a specific group of providers
who have agreed with the TPAs to accept a contracted price—
that is generally your network. However, the AMP also has
networks that are specific to covered services offered by the
AMP, such as those under the Centers of Excellence program
or advanced imaging services (MRI and CT scans), with their
own rules. In addition, some AMP options have preferred
and nonpreferred network providers. Both are network
providers, but the AMP pays a greater portion of the cost of
covered services received from a preferred network provider.
Network providers may not bill you for amounts in excess of
the contracted price for the service.
A non‑network provider is one who has not agreed to
accept a contracted amount as full payment for covered
services. With some exceptions, non‑network providers are
permitted to bill you for amounts in excess of the amount
paid by the AMP. This is why you can generally expect to pay
more when you see a non‑network provider.
Generally, when the AMP pays an amount for covered
services, neither the AMP’s portion nor your portion
(your coinsurance) is based on the amount billed by the
provider, but rather on the “maximum allowable charge.”
The maximum allowable charge is the maximum charge
for covered services that the AMP will pay in whole or
part, subject to copayments, deductibles, and coinsurance
amounts. The maximum allowable charge for network
providers and non‑network providers is determined in
a different way. For network providers, the maximum
allowable charge is the amount network providers have
agreed to accept as full payment for covered services.
The maximum allowable charge for non‑network providers
is generally determined by the AMP. With some exceptions,
non‑network providers can bill you for amounts in excess of
the maximum allowable charge determined by the AMP. See
Maximum allowable charge in the What is covered by the
AMP section later in this chapter for detailed information
about how the AMP determines the maximum allowable
charge for non‑network providers.
The AMP, its TPAs, and network providers may agree to
certain incentive arrangements (which may pay bonuses
or withhold provider payments) designed to reward
high‑quality and cost‑effective treatments. For example,
the Mercy Arkansas Local Plan contract includes such an
arrangement. Contact your TPA for information regarding
these arrangements.
The sections that follow discuss the various networks used
by the AMP.
The medical plan
86
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
TPA NETWORKS
Depending on your work location and choice of AMP option,
your benefits under the AMP are administered by one of
the following third‑party administrators:
• Aetna
• BlueAdvantage Administrators of Arkansas
– If your work location is in the District of Columbia,
Florida, Georgia, Maryland, Minnesota, Missouri
(Kansas City area), New Hampshire, New Jersey,
Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, northern Virginia,
or Wisconsin, see important information below in
the section titled Blue Select networks through
BlueAdvantage Administrators of Arkansas.
• HealthSCOPE Benefits
• UMR
If your provider leaves the network prior to your receiving
services, and you then choose to receive services from
that provider, services provided by that provider are
generally treated as out‑of‑network services. If your AMP
option provides out‑of‑network coverage and you receive
services from a non‑network provider, you will generally
be responsible for the cost of services in excess of the
AMP’s maximum allowable charge. If your AMP option does
not provide out‑of‑network coverage, you will generally
be responsible for the entire amount charged by the
non‑network provider. In certain circumstances, you may be
eligible for continued coverage, called “continuity of care.”
See important information about continuity of care services
described in the section titled When network benefits are
paid for out‑of‑network services on the following page.
Find network providers at IncludedHealth.com/Walmart.
BLUE SELECT NETWORKS THROUGH
BLUEADVANTAGE ADMINISTRATORS
OF ARKANSAS
If you are enrolled in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan
option and BlueAdvantage Administrators of Arkansas is your
TPA, you may have more narrow networks—called Blue Select
networks—if your work location is in a particular service area.
In these locations, you must use a provider in the Blue Select
network for network terms—i.e., network annual deductibles
and network coinsurance—to apply. If your work location
is in one of the areas below, services provided by providers
who are not in the Blue Select networks will be treated
as out‑of‑network services. Coinsurance paid for eligible
services from a network provider when a Blue Select network
provider is available will not apply to your out-of-pocket
maximum. You can find providers who are in your Blue Select
network, listed below, by accessing the Provider Directory
at IncludedHealth.com/Walmart. Your plan ID card will also
identify your specific network.
If your work location is not in one of the areas listed below
but you receive services in one of these areas (e.g., you are
traveling in one of these areas), you may use any network
provider, including those not in the Blue Select networks.
If BlueAdvantage Administrators of Arkansas is your
third‑party administrator, you must access the Blue Select
network for services to be treated as in‑network if your
work location is in one of the following areas:
• Florida: NetworkBlue
• Georgia: Blue Open Access POS
• Maryland, Northern Virginia, District of Columbia:
BlueChoice Advantage Open Access
• Minnesota: High Value Network
• Missouri (Kansas City): Preferred‑Care Blue
• New Hampshire: BlueChoice Open Access POS
• New Jersey: Horizon Managed Care Network
• Oklahoma: BluePreferred
• Pennsylvania: Community Blue Network
• Tennessee: Network S
• Wisconsin: Blue Preferred POS
For information about the Blue Select networks, call your
health care advisor at the number on your plan ID card.
CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE NETWORK
In some cases, the AMP will not pay all or any benefit for
services received from a network provider. See the Centers
of Excellence section for information about network
requirements when covered services include the following:
• Surgeries for certain heart conditions (age 18 and up)
• Medical record e-review by a Centers of Excellence facility
for cardiac valve repair or replacement surgery (all ages) to
determine if on-site cardiac valve surgery is recommended
• Medical record review by Mayo Clinic for certain types
of cancer (all ages) to determine if an on‑site evaluation
is recommended; eligible types of cancer are breast,
colorectal, lung, prostate, and blood (including myeloma,
lymphoma, and leukemia)
• Medical record review by Mayo Clinic for outpatient
kidney dialysis or end‑stage renal disease (ESRD) (all ages)
to determine if an on‑site evaluation for kidney transplant
evaluation is recommended
• Family-building treatment (age 18 and up) at Kindbody
Signature Clinics, including but not limited to in vitro
fertilization (IVF) and intrauterine insemination (IUI)
• Surgeries for certain spine conditions (age 18 and up,
except for certain spine conditions, such as scoliosis)
• Hip or knee replacement surgery
The medical plan
87
• Liver, kidney, heart (including durable ventricular assist
devices [VADs] and total artificial hearts), lung (including
lung volume reduction surgery [LVRS]), pancreas,
simultaneous kidney/pancreas, multiple organ, and bone
marrow/stem cell transplants (including CAR T‑cell
treatment), and
• Weight loss surgeries, including gastric bypass, gastric
sleeve, and duodenal switch (age 18 and up).
ADVANCED IMAGING NETWORK
If you participate in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver
Plan options (but not a local plan option), an alternate
network of providers for advanced imaging services (MRI
and CT scans) may be available to you. The AMP benefit
for advanced imaging services will depend on whether the
provider is an alternate network provider, a network provider,
or a non‑network provider. The AMP will generally pay a
greater portion of the cost of covered services received
from an alternate network provider than those received
from a network provider when an alternate network provider
is available. The AMP will also pay a portion of the cost of
covered services received from a non‑network provider if
your AMP option covers out‑of‑network services. However,
the benefit paid by the AMP will generally be a smaller
portion of the cost of covered services than the AMP pays
for covered services received from an alternate network
provider (or a network provider, if no alternate network
provider is available). And, when you receive services from
a non‑network provider, you will be responsible for the
cost of services in excess of the AMP’s maximum allowable
charge. If your AMP option does not cover out‑of‑network
services, you will be responsible for the entire amount billed
by the non‑network provider. See Provider networks earlier
in this chapter for a discussion of the difference between a
network provider and a non‑network provider.
Whether the coinsurance you pay for eligible medical
expenses counts toward your out-of-pocket maximum
depends on whether the provider is an alternate network
provider, a network provider, or a non‑network provider:
• If your provider is an alternate network provider,
coinsurance will count toward your annual out‑of‑pocket
maximum.
• If an alternate network provider is not available in your area
and you receive covered services from a network provider,
the AMP will pay the alternate network benefit amount, and
coinsurance will count toward your annual out-of-pocket
maximum.
• If an alternate network provider is available and you receive
covered services from another provider, regardless of
whether the provider is a network provider or non-network
provider, coinsurance will not count toward your annual
out-of-pocket maximum.
Preauthorization is required for advanced imaging services—
see the Preauthorization section later in this chapter. Your
health care advisor will assist you with any questions and can
be reached at the number on your plan ID card.
WHEN NETWORK BENEFITS ARE PAID FOR
OUT‑OF‑NETWORK SERVICES
In some cases, covered services you receive from a
non‑network provider may be treated as covered services
received from a network provider. In these cases, the AMP
will pay the in‑network benefit rate, based on the maximum
allowable charge used for non-network providers (rather
than a contracted amount used for network providers),
generally subject to other applicable AMP terms. Except as
provided below, you will still be responsible for any amounts
in excess of the maximum allowable charge. For emergency
services and certain services received in a network
facility from a non‑network provider, such as anesthesia,
pathology, radiology, laboratory, neonatology, assistant
surgeon, hospitalist, or intensivist services, you will not be
responsible for amounts in excess of the maximum allowable
charge. If you receive other services at these network
facilities, non‑network providers cannot balance bill you
for those amounts unless you give written consent. In most
other cases, you will still be responsible for any amounts in
excess of the maximum allowable charge. In some cases, you
may have to pay for treatment when you receive it and file a
claim for reimbursement.
Eligible medical expenses for covered services received
from a non-network provider will be paid as if they were
covered services received from a network provider in the
following circumstances:
• If your dependent child under age 19 requires treatment at
a Children’s Miracle Network hospital.
• If there are no network providers with the relevant
specialty within 30 miles of your home (not applicable to
local plan options, Centers of Excellence services, or the
services related to the travel benefit for complex care).
• Services for treatment received while on vacation or
business travel in the U.S., where such treatment either
could not have reasonably been foreseen prior to the travel
or the course of treatment began prior to the travel and for
medical reasons must be continued during such travel.
• If continuity of care protections, as described here, apply:
– You are undergoing a course of treatment for a
serious and complex condition, undergoing a course
of institutional or inpatient care, scheduled to undergo
nonelective surgery, or determined to be terminally ill.
In these cases, covered services from a non‑network
provider are treated as covered services from a network
provider until the effective date of the next Annual
Enrollment, or 90 days after you are notified that the
provider is no longer a network provider, whichever is 
The medical plan
88
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
later; provided the course of treatment began when
the provider was a network provider and there is no
interruption of the doctor/patient relationship (for
example, if you change TPAs during the year because
of a change in work location and are in the middle of a
course of treatment). Your non-network provider will
not be permitted to bill you for the difference between
the maximum allowable charge and the billed amount
for covered services received during the 90-day period
after you are notified that the provider is no longer
in the network, or when you are no longer receiving
treatment as a continuing care patient, if earlier.
– You are pregnant and undergoing a course of
treatment for the pregnancy. In that case, covered
services from a non‑network provider are treated as
covered services from a network provider for 90 days
after you are notified that the provider is no longer a
network provider or six weeks after delivery, whichever
is later; provided services began when the provider
was a network provider, and there is no interruption
of the doctor/patient relationship. Your non-network
provider will not be permitted to bill you for the
difference between the maximum allowable charge
and the billed amount for covered services received
during the 90‑day period after you are notified that
the provider is no longer in the network, or when you
are no longer receiving treatment as a continuing care
patient, if earlier.
– You add coverage under the AMP and were utilizing an
AMP non-network provider in a course of treatment
begun prior to your effective date of coverage,
where there is no interruption of the doctor/patient
relationship. In that case, services from a non‑network
provider will be treated as services from a network
provider until the next Annual Enrollment.
In the following additional instances, applicable law requires
that a non‑network provider will not be permitted to bill you
for the difference between the provider’s billed charges and
the AMP’s maximum allowable charge:
• If you receive emergency services from a non‑network
provider or a non‑network emergency department
• If you receive covered services from a non‑network
provider at a network health care facility and have not
given the non‑network provider permission to bill you
for the difference between the billed amount and the
maximum allowable charge
• If you receive services from a non‑network provider of
air ambulance services that would be covered services
under the AMP if provided by a network provider of air
ambulance services
In addition, with respect to transport by ambulance (other
than air ambulance), covered services received from a
non-network provider may be treated as covered services
received from a network provider. In that case, the portion
of eligible medical expenses paid by the AMP is based
on up to 200% of the maximum allowable charge if you
are directly admitted to the hospital from an emergency
department, or you pass away prior to hospital admission.
You will still be responsible for any amounts in excess of
200% of the maximum allowable charge, subject to all other
applicable AMP terms. For information about air ambulance
coverage, call your health care advisor at the number on
your plan ID card.
With respect to transport by out‑of‑network air ambulance
services, out‑of‑network covered services will be treated
as network covered expenses. Your cost‑sharing will be the
same as for network air ambulance services, and the amount
on which your cost‑sharing percentage is calculated will
be based on the billed amount or the amount calculated
under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974 (“ERISA”), whichever is less. The amounts paid by the
AMP for out‑of‑network air ambulance services will be the
amount negotiated by the AMP or the amount determined
by the independent dispute resolution process required
under ERISA. Under applicable law, the non‑network air
ambulance provider will not be permitted to bill you for the
difference between the billed charges and the amount paid
by the AMP.
COVERAGE WHEN YOU TRAVEL TO A
FOREIGN COUNTRY
If you travel abroad, follow these steps:
• Before you begin your travel, contact your
TPA for details about medical coverage and
emergency medical services when traveling
abroad. Coverage outside the United States
may vary.
• Always carry your plan ID card with you
when you travel and present it when you
receive medical services.
Emergency, preventive, and
telehealth services
EMERGENCY SERVICES
Benefits for emergency services are an important part
of your AMP coverage. When you seek treatment in
an emergency department for services that are not
“emergency services” for an “emergency medical condition,” 
The medical plan
89
your out‑of‑pocket costs could be significant, especially if
the facility or provider is not in your AMP option’s network.
Please review this section carefully.
The AMP will pay the benefit described below for emergency
services. Generally, the law defines “emergency services” to
include an appropriate medical screening in an emergency
department of a hospital or an independent freestanding
emergency department to evaluate an “emergency medical
condition.” An “emergency medical condition” means a
medical condition, including a mental health condition
or substance use disorder, manifesting itself by acute
symptoms of sufficient severity such that a prudent
layperson with an average knowledge of health and medicine
could reasonably expect that the absence of immediate
medical attention would (i) place the health of the individual
(or, with respect to a pregnant woman, the health of the
woman or her unborn child) in serious jeopardy; (ii) result
in serious impairment to bodily functions; or (iii) result in
serious dysfunction of any bodily organ or part.
The emergency department copay is $300 per visit, whether
you visit a network facility or not (unless you are admitted
to the hospital from the emergency department or you pass
away prior to admission). This copay is in addition to your
annual deductible and must be paid even after you have met
your annual deductible.
If services you receive in an emergency department are
“emergency services,” the AMP will pay the cost of covered
services as in‑network benefits, which is 100% after you
have met your network deductible and paid the $300
copay, even if the emergency department or provider is
a non‑network provider or facility. The AMP payment to
a non‑network provider or facility will be based on the
amount negotiated by the AMP or the amount determined
by the independent dispute resolution process required
under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974. The non‑network provider or facility will not be
permitted to bill you for the difference between the billed
amount and the amount paid by the AMP.
If, after a retrospective review, when deciding your nonnetwork provider or facility post‑service claim, the TPA
determines that a prudent layperson would not consider
the medical condition to have been an emergency
medical condition, services will be subject to all applicable
AMP terms. If your AMP option has out‑of‑network
coverage, the AMP will pay 50% of the maximum allowable
charge for covered services after you have met your
out‑of‑network deductible, and you will be responsible for
paying the deductible, the copay of $300, the coinsurance,
and amounts in excess of the maximum allowable charge for
medical services provided in the emergency department
of a non‑network facility. If you are enrolled in the Premier,
Contribution, or Saver Plan options in Chicago metro,
Oklahoma, Texas, or northwest Arkansas, the AMP will pay
50% of the maximum allowable charge for covered services
after you have met your network deductible, the copay
of $300, the coinsurance, and amounts in excess of the
maximum allowable charge. If you are in a local plan option,
services received from a non‑network provider or facility
will not be paid by the AMP, and you will be responsible
for the entire amount. You will be able to appeal the TPA’s
determination under the post‑service claims procedures
(including external review) described in the Claims and
appeals chapter.
If the provider or facility is a network facility, the AMP
will pay 100% of covered services after you have met your
annual deductible, regardless of whether the third‑party
administrator determines that the visit is for an “emergency
medical condition,” subject to the $300 copay.
PREVENTIVE SERVICES
The AMP will pay all or a portion of the cost of covered
preventive services before you meet your applicable
deductible according to the following terms:
• If you are enrolled in one of the Premier, Contribution, or
Saver Plan options/nationwide: the AMP will pay 100% of
the cost of covered preventive services received from a
network provider. If the provider is a non‑network provider,
the AMP will pay 50% of the cost of covered services, and
amounts you pay will not apply to your deductible or outof-pocket maximum.
• If you are enrolled in one of the Premier, Contribution, or
Saver Plan options in central, northeast, or south Florida;
Chicago metro; or Oklahoma, or Texas, the AMP will pay
100% of the cost of covered preventive services received
from a preferred network provider. If the provider is a
nonpreferred network provider (or a non‑network provider
in central, northeast, or south Florida), the AMP will pay
50% of the cost of covered preventive services. Amounts
paid for covered preventive services from a nonpreferred
network provider will count toward your network
deductible and out‑of‑pocket maximum but amounts
paid for preventive services from a non‑network provider
will not. Only central, northeast, and south Florida have
out‑of‑network coverage.
• If you are enrolled in one of the Premier, Contribution, or
Saver Plan options/northwest Arkansas: the AMP will pay
100% of the cost of covered preventive services received
from a network provider. This AMP option does not
provide out‑of‑network coverage.
• If you are enrolled in one of the local plans: the AMP
will pay 100% of the cost of covered preventive services
received from a network provider. This AMP option does
not provide out‑of‑network coverage.
If your AMP option provides out‑of‑network coverage, and
covered preventive services are provided by a non‑network
provider, you are also responsible for any amount above the
maximum allowable charge.
The medical plan
90
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Detailed information about what services are preventive
services can be found in the Preventive care program section
later in this chapter.
TELEHEALTH VIDEO VISITS THROUGH
DOCTOR ON DEMAND BY INCLUDED HEALTH
You have access to Doctor On Demand by Included Health,
a telehealth service offering video medical (including
urgent care) and mental health visits. Doctor On Demand
doctors can diagnose, treat, and write prescriptions for a
wide range of non‑emergency medical issues. The service
is available in all 50 states, 24 hours a day, seven days a
week by computer, tablet, or smartphone. You will need to
download the Doctor On Demand app from the App Store
or Google Play.
Doctor On Demand is available at no cost for most AMP
options. If you are in the Saver Plan option, you must first
meet your network deductible, after which Doctor On
Demand visits are available at no cost to you. For information
about services and technical requirements, visit Doctor
On Demand online at DoctorOnDemand.com/Walmart or
call 800-997-6196.
Telehealth services outside of Doctor On Demand will
be paid under the otherwise applicable AMP terms (for
example, the same as outpatient doctor visits), as allowed
by the AMP.
Centers of Excellence
The Centers of Excellence program works with specific
facilities to provide covered services related to a range
of conditions and illnesses. Through this program, you
and your covered dependents have access to specialized
providers and facilities selected for their expertise in
certain complex procedures.
The AMP and each Centers of Excellence facility are
considered an “Organized Health Care Arrangement”
(OHCA) for purposes of the HIPAA privacy rules. This
means that the AMP and each Centers of Excellence facility
may share information for the purposes of determining
eligibility for and administering the Centers of Excellence
program, as permitted by HIPAA.
The Centers of Excellence program covers:
• Surgeries for certain heart conditions (age 18 and up)
• Medical record e-review by a Centers of Excellence facility
for cardiac valve repair or replacement surgery (all ages) to
determine if on-site cardiac valve surgery is recommended
• Medical record review by Mayo Clinic for certain types
of cancer (all ages) to determine if an on‑site evaluation
is recommended; eligible types of cancer are breast,
colorectal, lung, prostate, and blood (including myeloma,
lymphoma, and leukemia)
• Medical record review by Mayo Clinic for outpatient
kidney dialysis or end‑stage renal disease (ESRD) (all ages)
to determine if an on‑site evaluation for kidney transplant
evaluation is recommended
• Family-building treatment (age 18 and up) at Kindbody
Signature Clinics, including but not limited to in vitro
fertilization (IVF) and intrauterine insemination (IUI)
• Surgeries for certain spine conditions (age 18 and up,
except for certain spine conditions, such as scoliosis)
• Hip or knee replacement surgery
• Liver, kidney, heart (including durable ventricular assist
devices [VADs] and total artificial hearts), lung (including
lung volume reduction surgery [LVRS]), pancreas,
simultaneous kidney/pancreas, multiple organ, and bone
marrow/stem cell transplants (including CAR T‑cell
treatment), and
• Weight loss surgeries, including gastric bypass, gastric
sleeve, and duodenal switch (age 18 and up).
In performing evaluation services or in making
determinations about Centers of Excellence care, the
Centers of Excellence facility is not acting as agent for
the AMP, but as your health care provider. If you receive
services at a Centers of Excellence facility that is not part
of the Centers of Excellence program, those services will
be subject to terms and conditions described in this section
and in the chart on the following page, in the Outside
of Centers of Excellence Program column, even if they
are received from a network provider. As shown in that
chart, certain covered services received at a Centers of
Excellence facility are covered at 100% before your annual
deductible is met (excluding family-building and weight loss
surgery). However, if you are enrolled in the Saver Plan, you
must meet your annual network deductible before the AMP
will pay any benefits.
The chart on the following page is a summary only. Read all of
the information in this section to understand all Centers of
Excellence program requirements and restrictions, including
when exceptions may apply to permit you to receive covered
services at a non-Centers of Excellence facility under
regular AMP terms and conditions of coverage.
The medical plan
91
CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE
Centers of Excellence Program Outside of Centers of Excellence Program Administrator1 Coverage
Heart surgery
Including cardiac valve
repair/replacement
Requires a cardiac valve eReview
by Cleveland Clinic
Contigo Health
877-230-7037
100%
No deductible2 Regular AMP terms and conditions apply
Cancer medical record review
May include on‑site evaluation
and treatment, when recommended
by Mayo Clinic
Eligible cancer types: breast,
colorectal, lung, prostate,
blood (including myeloma,
lymphoma, leukemia)
HealthSCOPE
Benefits
800-804-1289
Outpatient kidney dialysis or ESRD
medical records review
May include on‑site kidney
transplant evaluation, when
recommended by Mayo Clinic
HealthSCOPE
Benefits
479-621-2830
Family-building treatment at
Kindbody Signature Clinics
Subject to $20,000 maximum
lifetime benefit (medical
and pharmacy expenses) per
individual AMP participant
Your medical plan
administrator
(see plan ID card)
Travel by
HealthSCOPE
Benefits
800-804-1289
75%
After network
deductible
No coverage
Hip and knee replacement Contigo Health
877-230-7037
100%
No deductible2
Premier, Contribution, Saver Plan options in areas other
than central, northeast, and south Florida; Chicago
metro; select counties of Oklahoma and Texas; and
northwest Arkansas:3
50% after out-of-network deductible
Coinsurance will not apply to out‑of‑pocket maximum
Premier, Contribution, Saver Plan options in
central, northeast, and south Florida; Chicago
metro; select counties of Oklahoma and Texas;
and northwest Arkansas:3
50% after network deductible if preferred network provider
is used (in northwest Arkansas, a network provider)
Coinsurance will not apply to out‑of-network deductible,
if applicable, or out‑of‑pocket maximum4
No coverage4 for nonpreferred network provider, where
applicable, or non‑network provider in northwest Arkansas
Local plans: No coverage4
Spine surgery Contigo Health
877-230-7037
100%
No deductible2 No coverage4
Transplant
Mayo Clinic only. Excludes
cornea and intestinal transplant
HealthSCOPE
Benefits
479-621-2830
100%
No deductible2 No coverage4
Weight loss surgery
Gastric bypass, gastric sleeve,
and duodenal switch
Contigo Health
877-230-7037
75%
After network
deductible
No coverage
1 If you are enrolled in a local plan, call your health care advisor to be directed to the appropriate administrator.
2 Participants enrolled in the Saver Plan option must meet their network annual deductible before the AMP pays any benefits.
3 See AMP options available to you earlier in this chapter for the specific counties included in these areas. 4 Exceptions may apply. See the specific program details in this section.
The medical plan
92
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
If you believe you may be a candidate for covered services
under the Centers of Excellence program, call your health
care advisor at the phone number on your plan ID card.
If you qualify, you will be connected to the appropriate
Centers of Excellence program administrator to begin
the process.
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS TO PARTICIPATE IN
THE CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE PROGRAM
To participate in the Centers of Excellence program:
• Services must be preauthorized by the applicable Centers
of Excellence program administrator. The specific
administrator from whom preauthorization must be
obtained varies, depending on the service to be provided
and your AMP option. See the Centers of Excellence chart
on the previous page.
• Your preauthorization request will be a pre‑service claim
(or urgent claim, if applicable), as described in the Claims
and appeals chapter. If your request for preauthorization
of a Centers of Excellence service is denied, you have
the right to appeal. See the Claims and appeals chapter
for information.
• You acknowledge that the Centers of Excellence facility
must receive necessary medical records prior to your
acceptance into the Centers of Excellence program.
• For most covered services, you must be able to safely
travel for medical care and must not require emergency
care at the time of travel.
• The specific Centers of Excellence facility providing
covered services under the Centers of Excellence program
is determined by where you live and the indicated service.
• For most services offered under the Centers of
Excellence program, you must supply contact information
for a local physician who has agreed to manage your
follow‑up care after you return home from the Centers
of Excellence facility.
• For most covered services, you must identify a designated
caregiver who is willing and able to meet caregiver
requirements, which will be explained to you by the
Centers of Excellence program administrator.
• You acknowledge that you, your caregiver, and any visitors
must abide by all rules and policies of the hotel, transport
service, and Centers of Excellence facility, including those
that apply to on-site conduct. Failure to do so may result
in loss of eligibility for benefits under the Centers of
Excellence program.
• Services performed at a Centers of Excellence facility that
are outside the scope of services covered by the Centers
of Excellence program are subject to regular AMP terms
and conditions of coverage.
• For hip or knee replacement or spine surgery, you must
certify that your injury (if applicable) will not result in
litigation with a third party, is not subject to the AMP’s
subrogation and reimbursement rights as described in
the Claims and appeals chapter, and is not a compensable
injury, as defined by applicable workers’ compensation law.
• If you are eligible for, or covered by, more than one
medical plan, including Medicare (such as if you are
enrolled in Medicare Part A but are not enrolled in
Medicare Part B), the AMP must be the primary payer. If
there is a possibility that any other medical plan is or could
have been the primary payer under any circumstance
(if you had enrolled in that plan), contact the Centers of
Excellence program administrator listed in the chart on the
previous page for more information about your eligibility
for the Centers of Excellence program.
If the Centers of Excellence provider determines that you
are not a medically appropriate candidate for Centers of
Excellence services at that specific Centers of Excellence
facility, the AMP may pay a benefit for covered services
under otherwise applicable AMP terms, where you are
determined to be medically eligible for such services.
If you receive services from a Centers of Excellence
provider through the Centers of Excellence program,
travel benefits may be provided for travel to a Centers
of Excellence facility and may include airfare, mileage,
lodging, and a daily expense allowance for food and other
expenses, for both you and a caregiver. Travel benefits
must be pre‑approved and scheduled through the Centers
of Excellence program administrator (for travel benefits).
Some travel benefits are considered taxable earnings and
will be reflected on the enrolled associate’s Form W-2.
Travel benefits are subject to applicable IRS and AMP limits.
IF YOU RECEIVE ELIGIBLE TREATMENT
OUTSIDE THE CENTERS OF
EXCELLENCE PROGRAM
If you receive services for a medical condition that would
be covered services under the Centers of Excellence
program, from: 1) a provider or facility that is not part of
the Centers of Excellence program, or 2) a provider or
facility that is otherwise a part of the Centers of Excellence
program, but you do not work through the Centers of
Excellence program administrator, you will be subject to
terms summarized in the Centers of Excellence chart on
the previous page, unless you have received an exception.
In some cases, absent an exception, the AMP will not pay
any benefit if otherwise eligible services are not provided
through the Centers of Excellence program, even if the
services were provided by a network provider. See the Hip
or knee replacement and spine surgery and Transplants
sections later in this chapter for important exceptions.
Under limited circumstances, the AMP provides
out‑of‑network coverage for hip or knee replacement
as described below in the Hip or knee replacement and
spine surgery section and summarized in the Centers of
Excellence chart on the previous page.
The medical plan
93
Services you receive prior to arrival at, or following discharge
from, a Centers of Excellence facility, including services
approved or recommended by the Centers of Excellence
program provider, are subject to regular AMP terms and
conditions of coverage. Services performed at a Centers
of Excellence facility that are outside the scope of services
covered under the Centers of Excellence program are
subject to regular AMP terms and conditions of coverage.
HEART SURGERY AND VALVE
REPAIR/REPLACEMENT E-REVIEW
Before receiving non-emergency services to repair or
replace a cardiac valve, you may want to consider an
eReview by Cleveland Clinic. Contact your health care
advisor at the phone number on your plan ID card to start
the eReview process. If you are eligible and choose to
participate in the Centers of Excellence program for heart
surgery, you will be connected with Contigo Health.
If you are eligible to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program for heart surgery or valve repair/replacement
eReview and you choose to do so, the AMP will pay 100%
of the cost of covered services received through the
Centers of Excellence program. Eligible medical expenses
will be paid before you meet your deductible unless you
are enrolled in the Saver Plan option. If you are enrolled in
the Saver Plan option, you must meet your annual network
deductible before the AMP pays any benefit.
If you choose not to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program, the AMP will pay the cost of covered services
after your deductible is met, subject to all other regular
AMP terms and conditions of coverage.
CANCER MEDICAL RECORD REVIEW
The cancer medical record review includes a three‑step
process:
• Review of medical records. If you are eligible to participate
in the Centers of Excellence program for a cancer medical
record review, the program administrator will first send
your medical records to Mayo Clinic to determine whether
Mayo Clinic recommends that you travel to Mayo Clinic
for an on-site evaluation. There is no guarantee that Mayo
Clinic will recommend travel for an on-site evaluation.
• Possible travel to Mayo Clinic for on-site evaluation. If
Mayo Clinic does recommend that you travel to Mayo
Clinic for an on-site evaluation, and you choose to have
that evaluation, there is no guarantee that Mayo Clinic will
recommend further treatment at Mayo Clinic.
• Possible treatment at Mayo Clinic. Mayo Clinic may
recommend treatment at Mayo Clinic, but there is no
guarantee that they will do so.
Cancer types available for medical review are breast,
lung, colorectal, prostate, and blood ( including myeloma,
lymphoma, and leukemia) cancers.
If you are eligible to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program for cancer medical review and choose to do so, the
AMP will pay 100% of the cost of covered services received
from Mayo Clinic through the Centers of Excellence program.
Eligible medical expenses will be paid before you meet your
deductible unless you are enrolled in the Saver Plan option. If
you are enrolled in the Saver Plan option, you must meet your
annual network deductible before the AMP pays any benefit.
If you choose not to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program, the AMP will pay the cost of covered services
after your deductible is met, subject to all other regular
AMP terms and conditions of coverage.
KIDNEY DIALYSIS OR ESRD MEDICAL
RECORD REVIEW
If you have been diagnosed with end-stage renal disease
(ESRD), are on kidney dialysis, or kidney dialysis has been
recommended as a course of treatment, you may benefit
from the Centers of Excellence program for kidney dialysis
or ESRD medical record review by Mayo Clinic, which
includes a three-step process:
• Review of medical records. If you are eligible to participate
in the Centers of Excellence program for a kidney dialysis
record review, the program administrator will first send
your medical records to Mayo Clinic to determine whether
Mayo Clinic recommends that you travel to Mayo Clinic
for an on-site evaluation. There is no guarantee that Mayo
Clinic will recommend travel for an on-site evaluation.
• Possible travel to Mayo Clinic for on-site evaluation. If
Mayo Clinic does recommend that you travel to Mayo
Clinic for an on-site evaluation, and you choose to have
that evaluation, there is no guarantee that Mayo Clinic will
recommend further treatment at Mayo Clinic.
• Possible treatment at Mayo Clinic. Mayo Clinic may
recommend treatment at Mayo Clinic, but there is no
guarantee that they will do so. If Mayo Clinic recommends
a kidney transplant, coverage for a kidney transplant is
only available under the Centers of Excellence program
for transplants. See Transplants later in this section for
additional information.
If you are eligible to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program for kidney dialysis or ESRD medical record review
and choose to do so, the AMP will pay 100% of the cost of
covered services received from Mayo Clinic through the
Centers of Excellence program. Eligible medical expenses
will be paid before you meet your deductible, unless you
are enrolled in the Saver Plan option. If you are enrolled in
the Saver Plan option, you must meet your annual network
deductible before the AMP pays any benefit.
If you are eligible to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program for kidney dialysis or ESRD medical record review
and choose not to do so, the AMP will pay the cost of
covered services after your deductible is met, subject to all
other regular AMP terms and conditions of coverage.
The medical plan
94
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
If a transplant is recommended, see the Transplants section
later in this chapter for Centers of Excellence terms and
conditions applicable to transplant services.
FAMILY BUILDING
The Centers of Excellence program for family-building
services provides fertility treatment benefits, including
in vitro fertilization (IVF), intrauterine insemination (IUI),
and other approved medical and pharmacy services as
described below, from Kindbody Signature Clinics. Program
participants must be age 18 or over.
If you are eligible to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program and choose to do so, the AMP will pay 75% of
eligible medical expenses, including fertility medications,
for covered services received from a Kindbody Signature
Clinic through the Centers of Excellence program for
family building, after your network deductible is met, up
to a $20,000 maximum lifetime benefit. Covered services
received through the Centers of Excellence program
are subject to the AMP’s regular terms and conditions
of coverage, including the application of eligible medical
expenses paid by you to your deductible and the application
of coinsurance to your out-of-pocket maximum unless
otherwise provided. See Annual deductible and Annual outof-pocket maximum in the Evaluating your options section
earlier in this chapter for exceptions.
The AMP will not allow any benefits after you have reached
the $20,000 maximum lifetime benefit. The $20,000
maximum is per individual AMP participant. This maximum
lifetime benefit amount will not be reset, even if you
terminate employment and are rehired, regardless of when
you terminate or are rehired. It will also not reset if you are
currently an eligible dependent enrolled in the AMP and
then become a Walmart associate who is directly eligible to
enroll in medical coverage (or if you are currently a Walmart
associate enrolled in the AMP and then become an eligible
dependent under another associate’s medical coverage). The
$20,000 maximum lifetime benefit does not apply to services
outside the Centers of Excellence program that may be
covered under other AMP terms and conditions of coverage,
independent of the Centers of Excellence program.
If you do not participate in the Centers of Excellence
program, the AMP will not cover fertility treatment services
received from a provider other than Kindbody or outside
the Centers of Excellence program unless those services
are otherwise covered services under other AMP terms and
conditions of coverage.
Covered comprehensive fertility services include:
• In vitro fertilization (IVF)—fresh and frozen
• Intrauterine insemination (IUI)
• Frozen embryo transfers
• Frozen oocyte thaw and fertilization
• Preimplantation genetic testing (PGT-A; PGT-M, etc.)
• Donor eggs, embryos, and sperm (considered taxable)
• Cryopreservation (freezing) of oocyte (egg)/embryo/
sperm (based on approved criteria managed by Kindbody,
including but not limited to tissue storage following a
cancer diagnosis, even if the patient is under the age of 18).
Payment for storage of cryopreserved oocyte/embryo/
sperm will be provided for one year. Payment for additional
years of storage will be your responsibility.
Fertility medications will be filled through Kindbody’s
specialty pharmacy, Schraft’s Pharmacy, and processed
through AMP medical coverage, subject to AMP terms and
conditions of coverage, including the $20,000 maximum
lifetime benefit.
If you are interested in participating in the Centers of
Excellence program for family building, you should contact
the number on your plan ID card. You will begin with an
initial consultation with a Kindbody Signature Clinic clinician,
either virtually or in person, to begin the development of
a personalized care plan. Kindbody provides a dedicated
patient care navigator to provide program support to you
and your family throughout the process.
HIP OR KNEE REPLACEMENT AND
SPINE SURGERY
If you are eligible to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program for hip or knee replacement and spine surgery,
and choose to do so, the AMP will pay 100% of the cost of
covered services received from the Centers of Excellence
program provider and facility. Eligible medical expenses
will be paid before you meet your deductible unless you
are enrolled in the Saver Plan option. If you are enrolled in
the Saver Plan option, you must meet your annual network
deductible before the AMP pays any benefit.
If you are eligible to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program for hip or knee replacement and choose not to
do so, the AMP may pay a portion of the cost of covered
services you receive outside the Centers of Excellence
program unless you request and receive a network
exception. See the Centers of Excellence chart earlier in
this chapter and in the Hip or knee replacement section on
the following page. If you request and receive a network
exception, as discussed below, the AMP will pay the cost
of covered services received outside the Centers of
Excellence program for hip or knee replacement, subject to
the AMP’s regular terms and conditions of coverage.
If you are eligible to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program for spine surgery and choose not to do so, the
AMP will not pay the cost of any services received outside
the Centers of Excellence program unless a network
exception is requested and received.
A decision not to move forward with hip or knee
replacement or spine surgery by the respective Centers
of Excellence provider is not subject to review under this
process if the Centers of Excellence provider decides not 
The medical plan
95
to: 1) treat you based on your refusal to follow the terms and
conditions of the Centers of Excellence Program, including
the rules and policies listed elsewhere in this chapter,
or 2) determines that the procedure is not appropriate
because you refuse to comply with medical restrictions
or requirements including but not limited to weight loss,
smoking cessation, alcohol cessation, social support,
conduct, or similar factors.
Hip or knee replacement
If you choose not to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program for hip or knee replacement, the AMP may pay
only limited benefits for covered services if you receive
treatment outside the Centers of Excellence program.
Absent a network exception, as discussed later in this
chapter, services received outside the Centers of Excellence
program will generally be considered out‑of‑network, even
if the provider is a provider in your AMP option’s network.
In this case, the Centers of Excellence program’s terms and
conditions of coverage are as follows:
• If you are enrolled in the Premier, Contribution, Saver Plan
options in areas other than northwest Arkansas; central,
northeast, or south Florida; Chicago metro; Oklahoma;
or Texas, you will be required to meet the out‑of‑network
annual deductible before the AMP pays any costs for
covered services. After your out-of-network deductible
is met, the AMP will pay 50% of eligible medical expenses
for covered services, regardless of whether the services
are provided by a network or non-network provider.
Coinsurance will not count toward your out‑of‑pocket
maximum. See the Requests for exceptions to coverage
terms for hip or knee replacement or spine surgery
section on this page for details on how to request a
network exception.
• If you are enrolled in the Premier, Contribution, Saver
Plan options in northwest Arkansas; central, northeast,
or south Florida; Chicago metro; Oklahoma; or Texas, you
will be required to meet the network annual deductible
before the AMP pays any costs for covered services. After
your deductible is met, the AMP will pay 50% of the cost
of covered services received from a preferred network
provider (for northwest Arkansas, the AMP will pay 50%
of the cost of covered services received from a network
provider). Your coinsurance will not apply toward your
out‑of‑network deductible, if applicable, or out‑of‑pocket
maximum. The AMP will not pay any benefit if you receive
services from a nonpreferred network provider or a
non‑network provider, if applicable. See the Requests for
exceptions to coverage terms for hip or knee replacement
or spine surgery section on this page for details on how to
request a network exception.
• If you are enrolled in a local plan option, the AMP will
not pay the cost of any services received outside the
Centers of Excellence program unless you request and
receive an exception. See the Requests for exceptions
to coverage terms for hip or knee replacement or spine
surgery section on this page for details on how to request
a network exception.
If you request and receive a network exception, as discussed
in the Requests for exceptions to coverage terms for hip
or knee replacement or spine surgery section on this page,
the AMP will pay the cost of covered services received
outside the Centers of Excellence program for hip or knee
replacement, subject to the AMP’s regular terms and
conditions of coverage.
Spine surgery
If you choose not to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program for spine surgery, the AMP will not pay the cost
of any services received outside the Centers of Excellence
program unless a network exception is requested and
received. If you request and receive a network exception,
as discussed in the Requests for exceptions to coverage
terms for hip or knee replacement or spine surgery section
on this page, the AMP will pay the cost of covered services
received outside the Centers of Excellence program for
spine surgery, subject to the AMP’s regular terms and
conditions of coverage.
Physical therapy for hip or knee replacement and
spine surgery
If you participate in the Centers of Excellence programs
for hip or knee replacement or spine surgery, you may
have access to digital physical therapy. This app‑based
approach is designed to help you prior to and after surgical
procedures. Services will be at no cost to you unless you
are enrolled in the Saver Plan. If you are in the Saver Plan,
you must meet your annual network deductible before the
AMP pays any benefit. This service is not available outside
of the Centers of Excellence program, including when a
network exception is granted for hip or knee replacement
or spine surgery. Contact Contigo Health, the program
administrator, for more details on this program.
Requests for exceptions to coverage terms for hip or
knee replacement or spine surgery
You may request an exception to the general Centers of
Excellence terms and conditions of coverage, described
above. If you request and receive a network exception, the
AMP will pay the cost of covered services received outside
the Centers of Excellence program, after your deductible
is met and subject to all other regular AMP terms and
conditions of coverage. The network exception process is
summarized, below, and discussed in more detail in the section
in the Claims and appeals chapter titled Spine surgery and
hip and knee replacement: requesting network exception for
coverage outside the Centers of Excellence program.
Depending on whether you have already received services
when you request a network exception, your request will
be treated as a pre‑service claim (“pre-service exception
request”) or a post‑service claim (“post-service exception 
The medical plan
96
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
request”) as described in detail in the section in the Claims
and appeals chapter titled Spine surgery and hip and knee
replacement: requesting network exception for coverage
outside the Centers of Excellence program. The section in
this chapter only summarizes those rules.
Pre-service exception request: If you have not yet received
treatment but are considering receiving services from a
non‑Centers of Excellence provider or facility, you may file
a pre-service exception request if:
• There is significant risk that travel to the Centers of
Excellence facility could result in paralysis or loss of life, or
• The Centers of Excellence facility does not recommend
hip or knee replacement or spine surgery because it is not
the appropriate medical course of treatment, or you are
not an appropriate candidate for surgery.
Pre-service exception requests should be filed with Contigo
Health at the address and in accordance with the procedures
described in the section in the Claims and appeals chapter
titled Spine surgery and hip and knee replacement: requesting
network exception for coverage outside the Centers of
Excellence program. An Independent Review Organization will
review your request. If your request is granted, the AMP will
pay the cost of covered services received outside the Centers
of Excellence program, subject to the AMP’s regular terms
and conditions of coverage. If your request is denied, you will
be permitted to file an internal appeal of the denial, which will
be determined by an Independent Review Organization. Your
request for an internal appeal should be filed with the AMP at
the address and in accordance with the procedures described
in the section in the Claims and appeals chapter titled Spine
surgery and hip and knee replacement: requesting network
exception for coverage outside the Centers of Excellence
program. If the initial denial is overturned and the request
is granted, the AMP will pay the cost of covered services
received outside the Centers of Excellence program, subject
to the AMP’s regular terms and conditions of coverage. If your
internal appeal is denied, you will be permitted to request an
external review if the denial was based on medical judgment.
Your request for an external review of the denial should be
filed with the AMP at the address and in accordance with
the procedures described in the External appeal process for
medical, pharmacy, or Centers of Excellence benefits in the
Claims and appeals chapter.
Post-service exception request: If you already have
received services from a non‑Centers of Excellence
provider, you may file a post‑service exception request if
your circumstances called for immediate surgery, without
which you would have likely suffered paralysis or loss of life.
Post-service exception requests should be filed with the
AMP at the address and in accordance with the procedures
described in the section in the Claims and appeals chapter
titled Spine surgery and hip and knee replacement:
requesting network exception for coverage outside the
Centers of Excellence program. An Independent Review
Organization will review your request. If your request is
granted, the AMP will pay the cost of covered services
received outside the Centers of Excellence program, subject
to the AMP’s regular terms and conditions of coverage.
If your request is denied, you will be permitted to file an
internal appeal of the denial, which will be determined
by an Independent Review Organization. Your request
for an internal appeal should be filed with the AMP at the
address and in accordance with the procedures described
in the section in the Claims and appeals chapter titled Spine
surgery and hip and knee replacement: requesting network
exception for coverage outside the Centers of Excellence
program. If the initial denial is overturned and the request
is granted, the AMP will pay the cost of covered services
received outside the Centers of Excellence program, subject
to the AMP’s regular terms and conditions of coverage. If your
internal appeal is denied, you will be permitted to request an
external review if the denial was based on medical judgment.
Your request for an external review of the denial should be
filed with the AMP at the address and in accordance with the
procedures described in the section in the Claims and appeals
chapter titled External appeal process for medical, pharmacy,
or Centers of Excellence benefits.
TRANSPLANTS
The Centers of Excellence program for transplants
performed at Mayo Clinic covers liver, kidney, heart
(including durable ventricular assist devices [VADs] and
total artificial hearts), lung (including lung volume reduction
surgery [LVRS]), pancreas, simultaneous kidney/pancreas,
multiple organ, and bone marrow/stem cell transplants
(including CAR T‑cell treatment). Transplant services are
subject to a 12-month waiting period. See the discussion of
waiting periods on the following page.
Cornea and intestinal transplant services are not covered
under the Centers of Excellence program but may be
covered services under regular AMP terms and conditions
of coverage. Cornea and intestinal transplants are subject to
the 12-month waiting period. See the discussion of waiting
periods on the following page.
You will be required to undergo a pretransplant evaluation at
Mayo Clinic. Mayo Clinic will then make a recommendation
regarding whether a transplant is an appropriate medical
course of treatment or whether you are not an appropriate
candidate for transplant services under the Centers of
Excellence program.
If you are eligible to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program for transplants, and choose to do so, the AMP will
pay 100% of the cost of covered services received from
Mayo Clinic. Eligible medical expenses will be paid before
you meet your deductible unless you are enrolled in the
Saver Plan option. If you are enrolled in the Saver Plan
option, you must meet your annual network deductible
before the AMP pays any benefit. Services unrelated
to a transplant, as determined by Mayo Clinic, that are 
The medical plan
97
performed at Mayo Clinic are not covered by the Centers of
Excellence program for transplants. Those services will be
subject to regular AMP terms and conditions of coverage.
This includes certain gastric‑sleeve procedures performed
at Mayo Clinic during a liver transplant.
If you choose not to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program for transplants, the AMP will not pay the cost of any
services received outside the Centers of Excellence program,
unless a network exception is requested and received.
If you request and receive a network exception, as discussed
in the section in the Claims and appeals chapter titled
Transplant services: requesting network exception for
coverage outside the Centers of Excellence program, the
AMP will pay the cost of covered services received outside
the Centers of Excellence program for transplants, subject
to the AMP’s regular terms and conditions of coverage.
Coverage under the Centers of Excellence program is
limited to transplantation of human organs. The AMP does
not cover transplantation of body parts (e.g., face, hands,
feet, legs, arms, uterus) under any circumstances.
Experimental and/or investigational transplant‑related
services are not covered under the Centers of Excellence
program unless those services are recommended and
performed by Mayo Clinic.
Benefits under the Centers of Excellence program for
transplants end on the earlier of one year post‑transplant or
after a one‑year post‑transplant evaluation is performed.
Exception for pediatric transplant recipients under
age 19: Pediatric transplant recipients under age 19 (except
for cornea and intestinal transplants) must undergo
a pre‑transplant review at Mayo Clinic. If Mayo Clinic
determines that a transplant is the correct treatment plan,
and you choose to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program and receive Centers of Excellence services at
Mayo Clinic, the AMP will pay 100% of the cost of covered
services as described above. If you choose not to participate
in the Centers of Excellence program through Mayo Clinic,
the AMP will pay the cost of covered services received
outside the Centers of Excellence program for transplants,
subject to the AMP’s regular terms and conditions of
coverage. In that case, a network exception will be provided.
Transplant donor expenses: The AMP will generally pay
eligible medical expenses for covered services provided to a
recipient (who is enrolled in the AMP option), unless another
medical plan or insurer covers those services. Only covered
services directly related to being a donor for the recipient
(who is enrolled in the AMP option) are covered (“donor
services”). If the donor is a living donor and requires posttransplant services (directly related to the transplant), the
AMP will pay eligible medical expenses for covered services.
The AMP will pay eligible medical expenses for covered
donor services received within 120 days of your transplant
at the same benefit level as your transplant services.
The AMP may also pay travel expenses of the donor,
provided those expenses relate directly to being a donor
for you. Those travel expenses are generally subject to the
same terms and conditions that apply to travel benefits
available to you, the recipient. It is your responsibility to
provide contact information for the Centers of Excellence
program administrator to the eligible transplant donor,
prior to appointments.
Cadaver organ acquisition and procurement expenses are
covered only when the expenses are part of the provider’s
contracted rate with the AMP’s TPA.
12-month waiting period
To be eligible for transplant, lung volume reduction surgery
(LVRS), or CAR T‑cell treatment coverage under the
Centers of Excellence program, you must be enrolled in the
AMP for at least 12 months. The 12‑month waiting period
does not apply to insertion of durable ventricular assist
devices (VADs) or artificial hearts, regardless of whether
the VAD is related to a transplant.
Cornea and intestinal transplant services are not covered
under the Centers of Excellence program but may be
covered services under regular AMP terms and conditions of
coverage. However, the 12-month waiting period applicable to
transplants that are covered under the Centers of Excellence
program also applies to cornea and intestinal transplants.
If you are enrolled in the PPO Plan or an HMO plan option,
you are not eligible for the Centers of Excellence program
described in this chapter. However, if you later enroll in one
of the eligible AMP options, your time enrolled in the PPO
Plan or an HMO plan option will count toward the 12‑month
waiting period. Any time enrolled in critical illness insurance
or accident insurance will not count toward the 12‑month
waiting period.
The 12‑month waiting period applies to you and, separately,
to each of your covered dependents, except as provided
below; i.e., each covered individual must meet their own
12‑month waiting period. However, if you enroll a new
covered dependent in the AMP as the result of birth or
adoption (must be under the age of 19) and that coverage
is effective as of the child’s birth or adoption date,
respectively, the 12-month waiting period will be waived for
your new dependent, provided you have met your 12-month
waiting period, subject to other conditions in this section.
The 12‑month waiting period is waived for localized
associates and their covered dependents.
If you were previously enrolled in the AMP and coverage
terminated for any reason after you had met the 12-month
waiting period (e.g., you terminated employment and
were rehired or you voluntarily dropped coverage), your
prior period of enrollment in the AMP will count toward
your 12-month waiting period. However, if you had not
met the 12-month waiting period prior to termination of 
The medical plan
98
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
coverage, prior time enrolled in the AMP will not count
toward the 12-month waiting period, and you must meet a
new 12-month waiting period following your reenrollment.
For all types of transplant services—those covered under
the Centers of Excellence program and those that are
not—the 12‑month waiting period may be waived if the
covered individual’s treating physician certifies that, absent
the transplant, the covered individual’s death is imminent
within 48 hours. To request this waiver, you must file a
preauthorization request. See the section in the Claims and
appeals chapter titled Special appeal procedures for Centers
of Excellence for information on requesting a waiver.
If your doctor recommends a transplant, call HealthSCOPE
Benefits at 479-621-2830.
Requests for exceptions to coverage terms
for transplants
You may request a pre-service network exception to the
general Centers of Excellence terms and conditions of
coverage, described above, to receive transplant services at
a facility other than Mayo Clinic. If you request and receive
a pre-service network exception, the AMP will pay the
cost of covered services received outside of the Centers
of Excellence program, after your deductible is met and
subject to all other regular AMP terms and conditions
of coverage. The pre-service network exception process
is summarized below, and discussed in more detail in the
section in the Claims and appeals chapter titled Transplant
services: requesting network exception for coverage
outside the Centers of Excellence program.
Pre-service exception request: If you have not yet received
treatment, you may request a pre-service network
exception to receive transplant services at a facility other
than Mayo Clinic if:
• There is significant risk that travel to Mayo Clinic could
result in loss of life, or
• Mayo Clinic recommends that a transplant is not an
appropriate medical course of treatment or you are not an
appropriate candidate for transplant services.
Pre-service exception requests should be filed with the
AMP at the address and in accordance with the procedures
described in the section in the Claims and appeals chapter
titled Transplant services: requesting network exception
for coverage outside the Centers of Excellence program.
An Independent Review Organization will review your
request. If your request is granted, the AMP will pay the
cost of covered services received outside the Centers of
Excellence program, subject to the AMP’s regular terms and
conditions of coverage. If your request is denied, you will
be permitted to file an internal appeal of the denial, which
will be determined by an Independent Review Organization.
Your request for an internal appeal should be filed with the
AMP at the address and in accordance with the procedures
described in the section in the Claims and appeals chapter
titled Transplant services: requesting network exception
for coverage outside the Centers of Excellence program.
If the initial denial is overturned and the request is granted,
the AMP will pay the cost of covered services received
outside the Centers of Excellence program, subject to the
AMP’s regular terms and conditions of coverage. If your
internal appeal is denied, you will be permitted to request an
external review if the denial was based on medical judgment.
Your request for an external review of the denial should be
filed with the AMP at the address and in accordance with
the procedures described in the section in the Claims and
appeals chapter titled External appeal process for medical,
pharmacy, or Centers of Excellence benefits.
Transplant denials by Mayo Clinic are not subject to review
under this process if Mayo Clinic decides not to: 1) treat you
based on your refusal to follow the terms and conditions of
the Centers of Excellence program, including the rules and
policies listed elsewhere in this chapter, or 2) determines
that the transplant is not appropriate because you refuse to
comply with medical restrictions or requirements, including
but not limited to weight loss, smoking cessation, alcohol
cessation, social support, conduct, or similar factors.
WEIGHT LOSS SURGERY BENEFIT
The following weight loss surgeries are covered under the
Centers of Excellence program for weight loss surgery:
gastric bypass, gastric sleeve, and duodenal switch surgeries.
You must be at least 18 years of age to participate. Services
must be provided by a Centers of Excellence facility
designated by the AMP.
If you are eligible to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program for weight loss surgery and choose to do so, the
AMP will pay 75% of the cost of covered services received
from the Centers of Excellence program provider and
facility after you meet your network deductible.
If you are eligible to participate in the Centers of Excellence
program for weight loss surgery and choose not to do
so, the AMP will not pay the cost of any services received
outside the Centers of Excellence program. No exception is
available.
To participate in the Centers of Excellence for weight loss
surgery, you must meet the following requirements:
• You must have either:
– A body mass index (BMI) of 40 or greater, or
– A BMI of 35 or greater and at least one obesity‑related
comorbidity factor (type 2 diabetes, hypertension,
cardiovascular disease, etc.).
• You must agree to comply with all requirements for the
duration of the weight loss surgery treatment, including
the rules and policies listed elsewhere in this chapter.
The medical plan
99
If you meet the requirements stated above and your doctor
recommends weight loss surgery, call your health care advisor
at the number on your plan ID card to obtain a request form,
which must be completed by you and your physician. You
must send the completed request form to Contigo Health at
the address listed on the form. The submission of the form
is the submission of a preauthorization request with Contigo
Health. Contigo Health will determine your preauthorization
request under the procedures for pre‑service claims
described in the Claims and appeals chapter.
If you had a previous laparoscopic adjustable gastric band
procedure for weight loss purposes, and now need surgical
removal based on medical complications, you can apply for
the weight loss surgery benefit to be evaluated by a Centers
of Excellence facility to determine if you would be an
appropriate candidate for a conversion to a covered weight
loss surgery, during or in conjunction with the removal of the
gastric band. You will be required to provide documentation
demonstrating that you met the required clinical criteria for
bariatric surgery prior to the original lap band procedure.
Contact Contigo Health for more information.
12-month waiting period
To be eligible for the Centers of Excellence program for
weight loss surgery, you must be enrolled in the AMP for at
least 12 months. If you are enrolled in the PPO Plan or an
HMO plan option, you are not eligible for the Centers of
Excellence program for weight loss surgery described in this
chapter. However, if you later enroll in one of the eligible
AMP options, your time enrolled in the PPO Plan or an HMO
plan option will count toward the 12‑month waiting period.
Any time enrolled in critical illness insurance or accident
insurance will not count toward the 12‑month waiting period.
The 12‑month waiting period applies to you and, separately, to
each of your covered dependents who are at least 18 years
of age; i.e., each covered individual must meet their own
12‑month waiting period. Any time enrolled in the AMP prior
to attaining age 18 counts toward the 12-month waiting period.
The 12‑month waiting period is waived for localized
associates and their covered dependents.
If you were previously enrolled in the AMP and coverage
terminated for any reason after you had met the 12-month
waiting period (e.g., you terminated employment and
were rehired or you voluntarily dropped coverage), your
prior period of enrollment in the AMP will count toward
your 12-month waiting period. However, if you had not
met the 12-month waiting period prior to termination of
coverage, prior time enrolled in the AMP will not count
toward the 12-month waiting period and you must meet a
new 12-month waiting period following your reenrollment.
LIMITED COORDINATION OF BENEFITS
The AMP generally does not coordinate benefits with
respect to claims under the Centers of Excellence program,
other than coordination with Medicare in the case of
certain transplant benefits or as otherwise required by law.
For all other Centers of Excellence services, if any portion
of a Centers of Excellence benefit could have been paid by
another health plan, including Medicare Part A or Part B, as
primary plan, the AMP will not pay any amount of the claim.
Walmart Health
Walmart Health consists of primary health care facilities
found in select Walmart stores. It offers retail primary
care services, including office visits, lab tests, and some
preventive care services, for individuals age two and older.
Office visits are offered to most covered associates at the
discounted price of a $4 copay, regardless of residency or work
location. However, if you are enrolled in the Saver Plan option
you must pay the posted retail price when using a Walmart
Health facility, until you have met your network deductible,
unless the Walmart Health visit is limited to preventive
services. HSA dollars may be used as payment for qualified
medical expenses received at a Walmart Health facility.
Lab tests and immunizations that are not covered as
preventive care under the AMP are available at a separate
charge in addition to the visit charge.
Certain preventive services available at Walmart Health
facilities are covered under all AMP options at no cost to
you and your covered family members. See the Preventive
care program section earlier in this chapter.
NETWORK COVERAGE FOR CERTAIN
WALMART HEALTH FACILITIES
Your TPA may contract with an individual Walmart Health
facility to be a network provider, but not all Walmart Health
facilities are network providers.
If the Walmart Health facility is a network provider under
your AMP option: The Walmart Health facility will file
claims with the AMP. The $4 copay for the office visit (or
posted retail price if you are in the Saver Plan and have not
met your network deductible) will not count toward your
annual deductible but will count toward your out‑of‑pocket
maximum. Charges for other services, such as lab tests, will
be subject to regular AMP terms.
If the Walmart Health facility is not a network provider
under your AMP option: The Walmart Health facility will not
file claims with the AMP. The $4 copay for the office visit (or
posted retail price if you are in the Saver Plan and have not
met your network deductible) and any additional charges
for other services, such as lab tests, are not reimbursable
under the AMP and will not be credited against your annual
deductible or out‑of‑pocket maximum.
To find out whether a Walmart Health facility is a network
provider, view your network provider directory or contact
your third‑party administrator.
The medical plan
100
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Helping you manage your health
In addition to the specific covered services discussed in the prior sections, there are a number of services offered under the
AMP that help you put all of the AMP’s benefits to work for you. The chart below and on the following pages outlines these
programs and services. Note that some services are located only in certain areas or with certain plan options, as indicated. If
you are enrolled in the fully insured PPO Plan option, some of these programs are also available to you, as described in the
chart. All services are voluntary and available at no cost to you, unless otherwise noted.
NAVIGATING YOUR BENEFITS
HEALTH CARE ADVISOR
Your health care advisor is your single point of contact for all inquiries. Depending on the nature of your issue, they will answer
your question or direct you to the right place. Just call the number of the health care advisor on your plan ID card.
This service is available to you if the following apply:
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or local plan or PPO Plan option, and
• Your work location is not in Illinois (except Chicago metro), Indiana (except Lake or Porter counties), Missouri, North Carolina,
South Carolina, or Virginia, or
• Your TPA is UMR and your work location is in Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, North Carolina, South Carolina, or Virginia.
PERSONAL HEALTHCARE ASSISTANT
Your Personal Healthcare Assistant is your single point of contact for all inquiries. You can find out what’s covered under your AMP
option, find a highly rated doctor based on your preferences, get personalized health care recommendations for new or existing
conditions, and find information on care management services. Depending on the nature of your issue, the Personal Healthcare
Assistant will answer your question or direct you to the right place. Just call the number of the Personal Healthcare Assistant on
your plan ID card.
This service is available to you if all of the following apply:
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, and
• UMR is not your TPA, and
• Your work location is in Illinois (except Chicago metro), Indiana (except Lake and Porter counties), Missouri, North Carolina,
South Carolina, or Virginia.
INCLUDED HEALTH: PROVIDER SEARCH AND SECOND OPINIONS
Depending on your work location and AMP option, Included Health offers you a variety of services and tools that let you search
for doctors and medical services online, view quality information, obtain expert second opinions, and get additional details about
a provider’s charges. Register at IncludedHealth.com/Walmart or by calling Included Health at 800-941-1384. You can also
download the Included Health app from the App Store or Google Play. There is no cost to you to use the Included Health tool, but
any medical expenses you incur as a result of your use of these services and tools will be subject to AMP rules.
Provider search: Participants and dependents age 13 and over who are enrolled in the AMP are eligible to use the Included Health
provider search functions.
Included Health self-service tool: Included Health will match you with highly rated network physicians and facilities suited for
your clinical needs. You will also be able to view quality information for M.D./D.O. providers.
The self-service tool is available to you if the following applies:
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or local plan or PPO Plan option.
Included Health live support: Call Included Health at 800-941-1384 for help finding a highly rated network provider, scheduling,
and preparing for an appointment. You will also be able to get quality information for physicians.
This service is available to you if all of the following apply:
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or local plan or PPO Plan option, and
• Your work location is not central, northeast, or south Florida; Chicago metro; select counties in Oklahoma or Texas; or
northwest Arkansas, and
• UMR is not your TPA.
Expert second opinions
Participants and dependents who are enrolled in the AMP are eligible to obtain an expert second opinion with Included Health.
Under certain circumstances, when you have received a diagnosis or been recommended for surgery or a certain treatment, the
AMP will cover second opinions provided online through Included Health.
This service is available to you if the following applies:
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or local plan or PPO Plan option.
The medical plan
101
NAVIGATING YOUR BENEFITS
Travel benefit for complex care (not applicable to benefits under the Centers of Excellence program)
In some cases, the AMP may consult with Included Health to determine whether you are eligible for a travel benefit for complex
care where in-person visits are required. You may be eligible for the benefit if you reside more than 100 miles from a provider who
is qualified to provide covered services or you reside in a state where a qualified provider is prohibited from providing the covered
service and you reside more than 100 miles from a provider that Included Health has determined is qualified and legally permitted
to provide the covered services. If you are eligible, the AMP will pay covered travel costs if you travel to the provider designated by
Included Health. Travel benefits may include airfare, mileage, lodging, and a daily expense allowance for food and other expenses, for
both you and a caregiver. Some travel benefits are considered taxable earnings and will be reflected on your Form W-2.
The travel benefit is available only for complex medical or mental health care, as determined by Included Health. It does not
include the following, which is not an exhaustive list:
• Services that are not covered by the AMP
• Services that are covered under the Centers of Excellence program
• Routine care, including routine primary care
• Audiology service for the purpose of obtaining hearing aids/devices
• Clinical trials that are not required to be covered under the Affordable Care Act
• Dental services
• Hospice care
• Preventive care/services
• Podiatry for purposes of insoles, bunions, etc.
• Reconstructive surgery (not breast cancer-related)
• Vision services related to routine vision checks
Travel benefits for complex care must be pre-approved by Included Health. If Included Health determines that you are eligible for
the travel benefit, Included Health will designate a qualified provider that is closest to your residence and, at your request, will assist
with scheduling an appointment with the designated qualified provider.
The travel benefit for complex care provides a travel benefit only for travel to the qualified provider designated by Included Health.
If Included Health pre-approves travel, that pre-approval applies only to the travel expenses paid by the AMP under this benefit. It
does not apply to services that you may receive from the designated qualified provider at the travel destination, which are subject to
all applicable AMP terms and conditions of coverage, including any limitations and exclusions.
If you choose not to travel to the designated qualified provider to receive services, or travel is not pre-approved by Included Health,
the AMP will not pay travel expenses, even if they would have otherwise been provided if they had been pre-approved.
If travel benefits are pre-approved, they must be pre-arranged by HealthSCOPE Benefits.
Neither Included Health nor the AMP can guarantee the designated provider at the travel destination will agree to provide covered
services, and neither Included Health nor the AMP are responsible for decisions about services you may receive from the designated
qualified provider. Decisions about medical care from the designated qualified provider are between you and that provider.
If you would like to confirm your eligibility for travel benefits, call the number on your plan ID card. Included Health will determine
whether you are eligible for the travel benefit. If you do not agree with Included Health’s eligibility decision, you may file a
pre‑service claim for benefits. See Filing a claim for travel benefits for complex care at the end of this chapter for more information.
This service is available to you if the following applies:
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or local plan option.
Claims advocacy
Included Health care team can assist you with the financial aspects of medical claims. Specialized claims experts can answer your
questions regarding medical bills or explanations of benefits, organize insurance paperwork, audit provider and hospital charges,
advocate on your behalf to resolve billing inaccuracies, and negotiate with providers and insurers as needed for claim denials.
This service is available to you if all of the following apply:
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, and
• Your work location is not central, northeast, or south Florida; Chicago metro; select counties in Oklahoma or Texas; or
northwest Arkansas, and
• UMR is not your TPA.
The medical plan
102
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
NAVIGATING YOUR BENEFITS
INCLUSIVE HEALTH
Included Health will provide you with assistance in finding network LGBTQ+–affirming health care providers. You will also receive
advocacy and support services to assist with family, social, and workplace questions pertaining to being LGBTQ+. Enroll by visiting
IncludedHealth.com/Walmart or calling 800-941-1384.
This service is available to you if the following applies:
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or local plan or PPO Plan option.
CARE MANAGEMENT
If you are enrolled in a plan offered by the AMP, you have the benefit of voluntary care management services, including a
personal medical team. Care management brings consistency to the full range of care and services provided under the AMP. Care
management aims to look at the whole individual rather than just the symptoms or conditions being diagnosed; it can result in
higher quality of care, improvement in your experience with your providers, and potentially lower out-of-pocket medical expenses.
Circumstances in which a care manager may work with you include the following:
• You are sick or injured and hospitalized
• You are scheduled for surgery
• You find out you have a chronic illness or are dealing with an ongoing chronic illness
• You have a mental health/substance use disorder
• You are prescribed multiple prescription drugs with potential interactions
• You simply have a question about your health
• You are home from the hospital and need help understanding your discharge plan, or
• You are participating in the Life with Baby Maternity Program, or comparable maternity program offered by certain local
plan options.
Your care manager, working with your medical team, can approve certain medically necessary services that are not otherwise
covered by the AMP because they exceed a treatment limit (i.e., number of days or visits). The AMP’s rules regarding annual
deductibles and coinsurance continue to apply to any additional benefits authorized by the care management program. The
services must also be medically necessary.
Your medical team may also be able to assist you with medical costs you may incur for “involuntary” out‑of‑network services. These
are costs you incur when you cannot control your choice of provider (such as if you have surgery in a network hospital but your
anesthesia is administered by an anesthesiologist who is a non‑network provider) or when you have a reasonable basis for believing
your provider is a network provider. In some cases, out‑of‑network benefits may be paid as network benefits (see When network
benefits are paid for out‑of‑network services earlier in this chapter). In other cases, your third‑party administrator may negotiate
with non‑network providers before or after services are rendered to reduce the billed charges for which you are responsible under
the AMP’s out‑of‑network benefit. There are no guarantees that any reduction in your out‑of‑network costs will occur.
When you communicate with your health care advisor or personal health care assistant, depending on the nature of your inquiry,
you may be routed to your care manager. On other occasions, your care manager may reach out to you, for example to invite you
to participate in a health management program or to assist you in locating certain resources and services in your community.
To reach your care manager, call your health care advisor or personal health care assistant at the phone number on your plan ID
card. Participation in the program is voluntary and does not affect your eligibility to participate in the AMP.
This service is available to you if the following applies:
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or local plan or PPO Plan option.
VIRTUAL PRIMARY CARE
In addition to using Doctor On Demand by Included Health for telehealth video visits for urgent care and mental health services,
you can also use Doctor On Demand for Virtual Primary Care. You can get help with everyday health needs or serious ongoing
health issues from a Virtual Primary Care doctor who can refer you to clinical specialists when necessary. Visit Doctor On
Demand online at DoctorOnDemand.com/WalmartCare or call 855-377-2200.
This service is available to you if the following apply:
• Your work location is in Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, or Wisconsin, and
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or Banner or Mercy Arkansas Local Plan options.
The medical plan
103
NAVIGATING YOUR BENEFITS
QUIT TOBACCO PROGRAM
According to the National Institutes of Health, tobacco use is a leading cause of preventable disease and death in the United States.
To help you kick the habit, the AMP offers a free Quit Tobacco program for you and your covered family members age 18 and older.
When you enroll in the program, a variety of services may be available to you, including:
• Online support from coaches and other quitters.
• Phone‑based coaching with a trained health coach.
• Quit Guide handbook, available online or mailed to your home.
• Email support with tips to help you quit and stay motivated.
• Over‑the‑counter (OTC) medications, including free patches, gum, or lozenges. (You may hear these medications referred to as
“nicotine replacement therapy” or “NRT.”)
To enroll in a Quit Tobacco program call Kick Buts at 855-955-1905. Learn more about the Quit Tobacco program at
One.Walmart.com/QuitTobacco.
You are eligible for this program if the following applies:
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or local plan or PPO Plan option.
LIFE WITH BABY MATERNITY PROGRAM
Life with Baby is an exclusive prenatal care program offered at no cost to you, your covered spouse/partner, and other covered
family members. The program is available to you if you are enrolled in the AMP options listed below, which provide comparable
maternity programs for their participants. (Call your health care advisor or Personal Healthcare Assistant for more information.)
Whether you’re starting a family, adding to one, or just thinking about it, Life with Baby can help you have a safe, successful
pregnancy. The program is offered at no cost, but enrollment is not automatic. The program assists with preconception, pregnancy,
delivery (including three lactation visits), and child development. Enroll in Life with Baby by calling your health care advisor at the
phone number on your plan ID card. Once enrolled, you’ll have the opportunity to talk confidentially with a registered nurse before,
during, and after your pregnancy, as well as access to a maternity app through Ovia. Participation in the program is voluntary and
does not affect your eligibility to participate in the AMP.
If your work location is in Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, or Louisiana and you are enrolled in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan
option, you are also eligible for doula services. See When limited benefits apply to the AMP later in this chapter for more details.
You are eligible for this program if the following applies:
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or Banner Local Plan or PPO Plan option.
SPECIALTY MEDICATION REDIRECTION PROGRAM
If you receive infused or injected specialty medications, this optional program supports a transition of services from a hospital
setting to alternative sites of care such as a physician’s office, infusion suite, or your home. Program clinicians evaluate
appropriate infusion sites based on detailed case reviews and provide you with proposed alternative sites of care. For more
information call OptumRx at 844-705-7493 or your health care advisor at the number on your plan ID card.
You are eligible for this program if the following applies:
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or a local plan option.
DIABETES SELF-CARE
Through myAgileLife, you will have access to lower copays for certain diabetes‑related medications by enrolling for the diabetes
self‑care program. This is a voluntary program where incentives are based on participation in myAgileLife programs, not on
achieving a health status.
The program features a text messaging‑based coaching curriculum designed to help you develop behaviors that support stated
health objectives and outcomes (i.e., medication adherence, diet, exercise, self‑monitoring, and provider engagement/interaction
as part of an effective diabetes self‑management regimen to reduce A1C, improve quality of life, and avoid unnecessary health
care utilization).
To continue in the program, you must comply with the formulary and sourcing requirements specified by the AMP, where
applicable, and remain active in the program in accordance with program terms.
You are eligible for this program if the following applies:
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or a local plan or PPO Plan option.
The medical plan
104
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
NAVIGATING YOUR BENEFITS
MENTAL/EMOTIONAL HEALTH CARE
You will have the benefit of voluntary care management services through AiRCare, in addition to the other care management
resources described in this section. The goal of all care management resources available to you under the AMP is to bring
consistency to the full range of care and services provided to you by looking at you as a whole individual.
AiRCare is a clinical services company offering a data‑driven, comprehensive clinical approach to the treatment of emotional
and mental health conditions. AiRCare reviews Plan data to identify participants in the AMP who could benefit from emotional
and mental health support. AiRCare’s licensed clinicians then proactively reach out to those participants to offer support and
counseling, and connect participants with other Plan benefits, including mental health services, and, as appropriate, community
resources to augment care.
You are not required to utilize the services of AiRCare or engage with an AiRCare licensed clinician that reaches out directly to
you. This care management resource is voluntary.
You are eligible for this program if the following apply:
• Your work location is in Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, or Texas; and
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or a local plan option.
PHYSICAL THERAPY THROUGH OMADA FOR JOINT AND MUSCLE HEALTH
You have access to Omada for Joint and Muscle Health, an app‑based approach to physical therapy. Whether you want to prevent
an injury, recover from one, or manage pain, Omada provides personalized care, workout kits, and includes unlimited chat and
video visits, making it easier for you to stick to your care plan. Omada is subject to your deductible and any copays or coinsurance.
Join today at OmadaHealth.com/Walmart.
You are eligible for this program if the following apply:
• Your work location is in Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, or Wisconsin, and
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or a local plan option.
DIGESTIVE HEALTH CARE THROUGH GIThrive
You have access to GIThrive, an app‑based program paired with a care team for gastrointestinal care. GIThrive offers a
personalized digital health program for relief of digestive conditions and improvement of gut health. The GIThrive program can
help provide relief for a wide range of digestive health symptoms, at no cost to you. GIThrive includes unlimited appointments
with a registered dietitian and health coach, personalized action plans, an at-home gut microbiome test, and proven methods for
coping with stress and anxiety affecting your gut health. Download the app at GIThrive.com/Walmart.
You are eligible for this service if the following apply:
• Your work location is in Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, or Wisconsin, and
• You are in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan option, or a local plan option.
Preventive care program
For a preventive care service to be eligible for 100%
coverage, it must fall under a recommendation by one of
the agencies responsible for maintaining U.S. preventive
care guidelines, as required under the Affordable Care
Act. Many of these guidelines are specific to gender, age,
or risk factors for a disease or condition. Check with your
third‑party administrator for details. Review charts with
coverage terms in the AMP options available to you section
earlier in this chapter to determine when the AMP pays
the entire cost of preventive services under your option.
Preventive services may not be paid at the 100% benefit
level if you receive services from a nonpreferred network or
non‑network provider, if you are in an AMP option that has
preferred and nonpreferred network providers.
A special rule applies to preventive services performed during
office visits. Preventive services may not be paid at the 100%
benefit level if the preventive services are billed separately
from an office visit or are not the primary purpose of an
office visit. In contrast, preventive services are paid at the
100% benefit level when preventive services are not billed
separately from an office visit and are the primary purpose
of an office visit. In addition, the AMP may use reasonable
medical management procedures, as permitted by law, when
determining which preventive care services are paid at 100%,
such as only covering generic drugs or requiring a prescription
or that preventive care be performed by a network provider
to be covered at 100%. If your attending physician believes
that it is medically necessary for these preventive care
services or drugs to be delivered in a different manner, you
or your attending physician may request an exception. See
Preventive care exceptions process later in this chapter.
Covered services include those listed on the following
pages. Refer to your third‑party administrator for
information on preventive services not listed here. For the
most up‑to‑date list of covered preventive services, go to
One.Walmart.com or call your third‑party administrator at
the number on your plan ID card.
The medical plan
105
COVERED PREVENTIVE SERVICES FOR ADULTS
• Abdominal aortic aneurysm one-time screening for men
of specified ages who have ever smoked
• Alcohol misuse screening and counseling
• Blood pressure screening for all adults
• Colorectal cancer screening for adults age 45 and over
• Depression screening for adults
• Diabetes (type 2) and prediabetes screening for adults age
35–70 who are overweight or obese, and offer or referral
of preventive interventions for patients with prediabetes
• Diet and physical activity counseling for adults at higher
risk for cardiovascular disease
• Exercise or physical therapy for community-dwelling
adults age 65 and older who are at increased risk for falls
• Hepatitis B screening for all adults age 18 to 79
• Hepatitis C screening for adults at high risk
• HIV screening for all adults at higher risk
• Immunization vaccines for adults—doses, recommended
ages and recommended populations vary:
– Haemophilus influenzae type b
– Hepatitis A
– Hepatitis B
– Herpes zoster
– Human papillomavirus
– Influenza (flu shot)
– Measles, mumps, rubella
– Meningococcal
– Pneumococcal
– Tetanus, diphtheria, pertussis
– Varicella
 Learn more about immunizations and see the latest vaccine
schedules at: cdc.gov/vaccines/schedules.
• Latent tuberculosis infection (LTBI) screening in
populations at increased risk
• Lung cancer screening for certain adults age 50–80 who
have a smoking history
• Obesity screening and counseling for all adults
• Preexposure prophylaxis (“PrEP”) with effective
antiretroviral therapy to persons who are at high risk of
HIV acquisition
• Sexually transmitted infection (STI) prevention counseling
for adults at higher risk
• Skin cancer counseling for young adults to age 24
• Syphilis screening for all adults at higher risk
• Tobacco use screening for all adults and cessation
interventions for tobacco users
• Unhealthy drug use screening (i.e., asking questions) for
adults age 18 and older
COVERED PREVENTIVE SERVICES FOR
WOMEN, INCLUDING PREGNANT WOMEN
• Anxiety screening in adolescent and adult women,
including those who are pregnant or postpartum
• Aspirin (low dose) for women 12 weeks pregnant who are
at high risk for preeclampsia (prescription required). See
The pharmacy benefit for more information.
• Bacteriuria urinary tract or other infection screening for
pregnant women
• BRCA counseling about genetic testing for women at
higher risk; and, if indicated after counseling, BRCA testing
• Breast cancer chemoprevention counseling for women at
higher risk
• Breast cancer mammography screenings every 1–2 years
for women over 40
• Breast cancer risk-reducing prescription medications
(such as tamoxifen or raloxifene or aromatase inhibitors)
for certain women at increased risk for breast cancer
• Breastfeeding comprehensive support and three
counseling visits from trained providers, as well as access
to breastfeeding supplies for pregnant and nursing women.
Check with your third-party administrator (TPA) for details
on how to obtain a breast pump.
• Cervical cancer screening for women age 21–65
• Chlamydia infection screening for younger women and
other women at higher risk
• Contraception Food and Drug Administration-approved
contraceptive methods, sterilization procedures
and patient education and counseling, not including
abortifacient drugs. See The pharmacy benefit for
information about contraception.
• Diabetes screening for women with a history of gestational
diabetes who are not currently pregnant and who have not
previously been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes
• Domestic and interpersonal violence screening and
counseling for all women and, when needed, initial
intervention services
• Folic acid supplements for women who may become
pregnant (prescription required). See The pharmacy
benefit for more information.
• Gestational diabetes screening for women 24–28
weeks pregnant and those at high risk of developing
gestational diabetes
• Gonorrhea screening for younger women and other
women at increased risk
• Healthy weight and weight gain counseling for
pregnant women
• Hepatitis B screening for pregnant women at their first
prenatal visit
• Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) screening
and counseling
The medical plan
106
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
• Maternal depression screening for mothers at certain
well‑child visits
• Obesity prevention counseling in midlife women aged 40
to 60 with normal or overweight body mass index
• Osteoporosis screening for women over age 65, and
younger postmenopausal women depending on risk factors
• Perinatal depression counseling interventions or referrals
for pregnant and postpartum women who are at increased
risk of perinatal depression
• Preeclampsia screening for pregnant women, with blood
pressure measurements throughout pregnancy
• Rh incompatibility screening for all pregnant women and
follow-up testing for women at higher risk
• Sexually transmitted infections (STI) counseling for
sexually active women
• Syphilis screening for all pregnant women or other women
at increased risk
• Tobacco use screening and interventions for all women,
and expanded counseling for pregnant tobacco users
• Urinary incontinence screening annually, and referral for
further evaluation and treatment if indicated
• Well-woman visits to obtain recommended preventive
services for women
COVERED PREVENTIVE SERVICES
FOR CHILDREN
• Anemia screening for children at 12 months
• Autism screening for children at 18 and 24 months
• Behavioral/social/emotional screening for children of
all ages
• Bilirubin screening for newborns
• Blood pressure screening for children of all ages
• Blood screening for newborns
• Cervical dysplasia screening for sexually active females
• Congenital hypothyroidism screening for newborns
• Critical congenital heart defect screening for newborns
• Depression and suicide risk screening for adolescents
• Developmental screening for children under age 3, and
surveillance throughout childhood
• Dyslipidemia screening for children at higher risk of
lipid disorders
• Fluoride chemoprevention supplements for children
without fluoride in their water source and fluoride
varnish to the primary teeth of all infants and children
(prescription required)
• Gonorrhea preventive medication for the eyes of all
newborns
• Hearing screening for all children
• Height, weight, length, head circumference, weight for
length and body mass index measurements for children
• Hemoglobinopathies or sickle cell screening for newborns
• Hepatitis B screening in adolescents at high risk
• HIV screening for adolescents
• Immunization vaccines for children from birth to
age 18—doses, recommended ages, and recommended
populations vary:
– Dengue
– Diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis (DTaP and Tdap)
– Haemophilus influenzae type b
– Hepatitis A
– Hepatitis B
– Human papillomavirus
– Inactivated poliovirus
– Influenza (flu shot)
– Measles, mumps, rubella
– Meningococcal
– Pneumococcal
– Rotavirus
– Varicella
 Learn more about immunizations and see the latest vaccine
schedules at cdc.gov/vaccines/schedules.
• Lead screening for children at risk of exposure
• Medical history for all children throughout development
• Obesity screening and counseling
• Oral health risk assessment for young children, newborn
to 10 years
• Phenylketonuria (PKU) screening for this genetic disorder
in newborns
• Physical examination for children of all ages
• Sexually transmitted infection (STI) prevention counseling
and screening for adolescents at higher risk
• Skin cancer counseling for young adults to age 24 and
parents of young children
• Sudden cardiac arrest and sudden death screening
for adolescents
• Tobacco, alcohol, or drug use assessment for adolescents
at higher risk
• Tobacco use interventions in school-aged children and
adolescents who have not started to use tobacco
• Tuberculin testing for children at higher risk of tuberculosis
• Vision screening for all children.
FLU VACCINE PROGRAM
An annual flu vaccination is a preventive service and covered
according to the terms detailed in this section describing
the Preventive care program. The vaccine may also be
provided in participating Walmart and Sam’s Club pharmacies.
The medical plan
107
COVID-19 PREVENTIVE SERVICES
(INCLUDING VACCINES)
During the public health emergency declared by the
Secretary of Health and Human Services as a result of
COVID-19 (the “Public Health Emergency”), the AMP
will cover any “qualifying coronavirus preventive service”
(within the meaning of 29 CFR § 2590.715–2713 or
otherwise required by law) with no cost-sharing, whether
the service is provided by a network preferred provider,
network provider, or non‑network provider.
As of the date this Associate Benefits Book is
printed, “qualifying coronavirus preventive
service” includes certain COVID-19 vaccines. See
cdc.gov/vaccines/hcp/acip-recs/vacc-specific/covid-19.html
for the most up-to-date list of COVID-19 vaccines in this
category. Thus, during the Public Health Emergency, the
AMP will cover these COVID-19 vaccines with no costsharing, whether the vaccines are provided by a network
preferred provider, network provider, or non-network
provider. The AMP will also cover, without cost-sharing,
the administration of the COVID-19 vaccines that are
“qualifying coronavirus preventive services.”
PREVENTIVE CARE EXCEPTIONS PROCESS
The AMP may use reasonable medical management
procedures, as permitted by law, when determining
which preventive care services are paid at 100%, such as
only covering generic drugs, requiring a prescription, or
requiring that preventive care be performed by a network
provider to be covered at 100%. If your attending physician
believes that it is medically necessary for these preventive
care services or drugs to be delivered in a different
manner, you or your attending physician may request an
exception. For preventive care services listed above, you
or your attending physician should request an exception
with the TPA listed on your plan ID card. Your TPA may ask
your physician to answer questions about why an exception
is medically necessary. To request an exception related to
preventive care drugs or contraceptives, see the Preventive
care exceptions process in The pharmacy benefit chapter.
Mental health and substance
use disorder
Subject to other AMP terms, the AMP includes coverage
for mental health and substance use disorder services in the
same manner as other medical and hospitalization benefits,
including care at a mental health facility. A mental health
facility is one that:
• Provides 24-hour inpatient care
• Residential treatment
• Partial hospitalization or outpatient care that requires six
to eight hours of service per day, five to seven days per
week, or
• Intensive outpatient care that requires two to four hours of
service per day, three to five days per week.
What is covered by the AMP
The AMP pays benefits for covered services, which are
charges for procedures, services, equipment, and supplies
that are defined as:
• Not in excess of the maximum allowable charge
• Medically necessary (unless otherwise indicated)
• Not excluded under the AMP (see What is not covered by
the AMP later in this chapter), and
• Not in excess of AMP limits.
MAXIMUM ALLOWABLE CHARGE
The “maximum allowable charge” (MAC) is the maximum
amount the AMP covers or pays for any health care services,
drugs, medical devices, equipment, supplies, or benefits
covered by the AMP. The MAC applies both to network and
out-of-network services.
For covered network services, the MAC is that portion of
a provider’s charge covered by the AMP, as determined
by the provider’s contract with the TPA. In the case of
BlueAdvantage Administrators of Arkansas, this includes
contracts with an independent licensee company of the
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association.
From time to time, and notwithstanding any AMP
provisions that state otherwise, the AMP may enter into
an agreement with a non-network provider (directly
or indirectly through a TPA) that sets the rate the AMP
will pay for a service or supply. In these cases, the MAC
will be the rate established in the agreement with the
non‑network provider.
For emergency services and certain services provided
by non-network providers in network facilities, MAC will
be determined under applicable law, which may include
arbitration with a provider. You will not be responsible for
any additional costs unless your provider follows the notice
and consent process (if applicable) and you give written
consent to be billed by the provider. You are not required to
consent to be billed.
For covered out-of-network services, the MAC is
determined by each TPA, as described on the following
page. In certain circumstances, network benefits may be
paid for out-of-network services, as described earlier in
this chapter under When network benefits are paid for
out‑of‑network services.
The medical plan
108
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Aetna: The MAC is 125% of Medicare’s maximum allowable
charge for voluntary out-of-network services. For
involuntary out-of-network service, the MAC also is
125% of Medicare’s maximum allowable charge unless the
provider is in Aetna’s National Advantage Program (NAP).
NAP provider charges are paid at a discount. If a Medicare
maximum allowable charge is not published by the Center
for Medicare and Medicaid Services for a specific service,
Aetna uses a gap methodology to calculate the MAC that
is based on the Medicare maximum allowable charge.
Medicare’s allowable rate is based upon the geographic area
in which the service is furnished.
BlueAdvantage Administrators of Arkansas: The method
for establishing the MAC for covered out-of-network
services depends on whether the service is delivered
by an individual health care provider (e.g., a physician),
an ambulance or air ambulance service, or a hospital or
facility. For services of individual providers and ambulance
and air ambulance transport, the MAC is 125% of the
Medicare allowed amount for such services on the date
administered. For hospital and facility services or for other
covered benefits (e.g., drugs, medical devices, products
or implants, equipment, or supplies), the MAC for covered
out-of-network services is limited to the allowance set by
BlueAdvantage Administrators of Arkansas in its discretion.
If BlueAdvantage Administrators of Arkansas does not have
its own method or benchmark in a given case, the MAC for
covered out-of-network services is limited to the pricing or
allowance offered by the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Plan in
the state where services are provided.
For covered out-of-network services, the AMP pays the
lesser of the MAC or the provider’s actual billed charges. If
the provider’s billed charges exceed the AMP’s MAC, you
are responsible for paying the difference.
HealthSCOPE Benefits: There is no benefit for out-of-network
services sought voluntarily by participants in local plans
administered by HealthSCOPE Benefits. For approved
involuntary or emergency out-of-network services,
HealthSCOPE Benefits will use a discount through a “wrap
network,” if available and consistent with the Affordable Care
Act. (A wrap network is a group of non-contracted providers
who have arranged to provide services to Plan participants
at a discount.) If there is not a discount available through a
wrap network, the MAC will be 125% of Medicare’s maximum
allowable charge. In cases where a Medicare maximum
allowable charge is not published by the Center for Medicare
and Medicaid Services for a specific service, HealthSCOPE
Benefits will use a gap methodology to calculate the MAC.
There may be some cases in which an individual agreement is
reached with the non-network provider.
UMR: The MAC is 125% of Medicare’s maximum allowable
charge for voluntary and involuntary out-of-network services
unless the out-of-network service is involuntary and the
provider is in UMR’s Shared Savings Program (“SSP”). SSP
provider charges are paid at a discount. In cases where a
Medicare maximum allowable charge is not published by the
Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services for a specific
service, UMR uses a gap methodology to calculate the MAC.
MEDICALLY NECESSARY
”Medically necessary” (or “medical necessity”) generally
means the TPA has determined the procedure, service,
equipment, or supply to be:
• Appropriate for the symptoms, diagnosis, or treatment of
a medical condition
• Provided for the diagnosis or direct care and treatment of
the medical condition
• Within the standards of good medical practice within the
organized medical community
• Not primarily for the convenience of the patient or the
patient’s doctor or other provider, and
• The most appropriate procedure, service, equipment, or
supply that can be safely provided.
”Most appropriate” means:
• There is valid scientific evidence demonstrating that the
expected health benefits from the procedure, service,
equipment, or supply are clinically significant and produce
a greater likelihood of benefit, without disproportionately
greater risk of harm or complications, for the AMP
participant with the particular medical condition being
treated than other possible alternatives
• Generally accepted forms of treatment that are less
invasive have been tried and found ineffective or otherwise
unsuitable, and
• For hospital stays, acute inpatient care is necessary due
to the kind of services the participant is receiving or the
severity of the medical condition, and safe and adequate
care cannot be received as an outpatient or in a less
intensive medical setting.
The TPAs follow their own internal policies in determining
whether a procedure, service, equipment, or supply is
medically necessary. Your AMP benefits are subject to all
terms, conditions, limitations, and exclusions set forth in
the coverage policies administered by your TPA regarding
medical necessity. Contact your TPA for more information.
Prenotification
You or your provider may voluntarily contact your TPA for
information regarding coverage prior to your obtaining
most medical and mental health services by calling the
number on your plan ID card. If you choose to notify your
TPA of a scheduled medical or mental health admission, do
so at least 24 hours prior to the admission. For emergency
services, your TPA should be notified as soon as possible, 
The medical plan
109
but no later than 24 hours after admission. Providing
notification within 24 hours after admission is not, however,
required as a condition of coverage.
The TPA’s responses to your inquiries in a prenotification
call do not guarantee payment or ensure coverage under
the AMP, nor do any statements made by the TPA create
a contract, bind the AMP or waive any AMP condition
applicable to your claim for benefits. The TPA cannot make
a final claim determination on the phone or by email. This
means that any responses given by phone or email are
always subject to further review based on the particular
facts and under the written terms, conditions, limitations,
and exclusions of the AMP.
Preauthorization
Some Plan services require prior authorization, or those
services will not be covered. A list of types of services that
require prior authorization is below.
• If you use a network provider, your network provider may
be contractually required to obtain preauthorization for
certain services.
• If you use a non-network provider, you or your provider
should call your TPA at the number on your plan ID card to
verify whether preauthorization is required.
You must file your preauthorization claim as described in
the Claims and appeals chapter. Where preauthorization
is required, these services will be considered “pre‑service
claims.” If a pre‑service claim is denied, you may appeal, as
described in the Claims and appeals chapter.
Where preauthorization is not required, you still may want
to prenotify your third‑party administrator, as indicated
above. Whether preauthorization is required or not, all
services are still subject to the applicable AMP terms and
conditions of coverage, including cost sharing and other
limitations. Network and non‑network providers must
preauthorize the following services under AMP terms,
regardless of TPA:
This is not an exhaustive list. For a complete
list of services for which preauthorization is
required, you or your provider should call your
TPA at the phone number on your plan ID card.
Review the Resources chart on the first page
of this chapter for information regarding which
entity determines preauthorization requests for
your AMP option. Note that preauthorization
requirements may vary by TPA, so it is important
to check with your TPA for the latest list.
• Advanced imaging services—MRI and CT scans
• Services provided under the Centers of Excellence
program, including:
– Spine surgery
– Hip and knee replacement
– Family-building treatment and services
– Transplants including liver, kidney, heart (including
durable ventricular assist devices [VADs] and total
artificial hearts), lung (including lung volume reduction
surgery [LVRS]), pancreas, simultaneous kidney/pancreas,
multiple organ, and bone marrow/stem cell transplants
(including CAR T‑cell treatment)
– Weight loss surgery
• Travel benefits for complex care (see the Filing a claim for
travel benefits for complex care section in this chapter for
more information).
When limited benefits apply
to the AMP
Some services are subject to specific restrictions and
limitations in addition to annual deductible and coinsurance/
copayment requirements. If you have a question on the
coverage of a particular service, contact the third‑party
administrator at the number on your plan ID card.
The limitations and restrictions described below are
in addition to other AMP rules, including deductibles,
coinsurance/copayments, network requirements, and
exclusions. Consideration may be given for additional
coverage when authorized by your care manager, as
described in the Care management section.
Refer also to What is not covered by the AMP, later in
this chapter.
Ambulance: Coverage of ambulance or air ambulance
transportation is limited to the nearest hospital or nearest
treatment facility capable of providing care, and only if such
transportation is medically necessary as compared to other
transportation methods of lower cost and safety.
The AMP covers ambulance or air ambulance transportation
where a medical director of a TPA recommends transport
to a specific facility as medically necessary based on the
individual’s condition and other contributing factors cited
by the treating physician, and where such transportation is
medically necessary compared to transportation methods
of lower cost and safety.
The AMP covers ambulance or air ambulance transportation
between health care facilities if the treatment to be
provided at the second facility is medically necessary and
not available at the initial facility.
The AMP covers ambulance and air ambulance transportation
from a hospital to a hospice facility (including to a residence
where hospice care will be provided).
The medical plan
110
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The AMP covers air ambulance transportation from
non-network providers of air ambulance services in the
same manner as such services are covered for network air
ambulance providers.
Ambulance charges for the sole convenience of the
participant, caregiver, or provider are not covered.
Birth control/contraceptives: Prescribed FDA-approved
contraceptive methods for women and female sterilization
are covered under women’s preventive care, including but
not limited to:
• Diaphragms: fitting and supply
• Cervical cap: fitting and supply
• Intrauterine device (IUD): fitting, supply, and removal
(including copper or with progestin)
• Birth control pills (including the combined pill, progestinonly, and extended/continuous use)
• Birth control patch
• Vaginal ring
• Injection (e.g., Depo-Provera) given by a physician or nurse
every three months
• Implantable contraception (e.g., Implanon)
• Plan B, when prescribed
• Ella, when prescribed
• Female sterilization (including surgery and surgical
sterilization implant)
• Vaginal sponge, when prescribed
• Female condom, when prescribed
• Spermicide, when prescribed.
The AMP covers generic contraceptives only when
prescribed by a physician (and brand‑name contraceptives
when medically necessary). If your attending physician
believes a brand‑name contraceptive is medically necessary,
you or your physician may request an exception for
coverage of the brand‑name drug. See Preventive care
exceptions process in The pharmacy benefit chapter.
Services and/or devices that are not included in the
contraceptive benefit are:
• Abortion
• Prescription abortifacient medication, including but not
limited to RU-486
• Over-the-counter birth control methods that are
not prescribed, including but not limited to Plan B,
spermicides, condoms, vaginal sponges, basal
thermometers, and ovulation predictor kits.
Clinical trials: Approved clinical trials are covered under
limited circumstances. Routine patient costs associated
with participation in Phases I–IV of approved clinical trials
to treat cancer or other life-threatening conditions, as
determined by the TPA and required by law. These costs are
subject to the AMP’s applicable deductibles and limitations
and do not include costs of the investigational item, device,
or service, items provided for data collection, or services
that are inconsistent with established standards of care.
Doula services: The AMP covers doula services for
pregnant women enrolled in an AMP option with work
locations in Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, or Louisiana
regardless of medical necessity. The benefit is limited
to $1,000 per pregnancy. Coverage is not subject to the
deductible, and no coinsurance or copay is required.
Amounts paid for doula services do not apply to the
deductible or out‑of‑pocket maximum. The doula must be
certified through the National Black Doula Association
or DONA International. Amounts for doula services are
taxable to you.
Durable medical equipment (DME)/home medical supplies:
DME that satisfies all of the following criteria is covered,
except as stated under DME not covered on the
following page.
DME is equipment that:
• Can withstand repeated use
• Is used mainly for a medical purpose rather than for
comfort or convenience
• Generally is not useful in the absence of an illness or injury
• Is related to a medical condition and prescribed by a
physician
• Is appropriate for use in the home, and
• Is determined to meet medical criteria for coverage to
diagnose or treat an illness or injury, help a malformed
part of the body to work well, help an impaired part of the
body to work within its functional parameters, or keep a
condition from becoming worse.
Coverage is also provided for home medical supplies, such
as ostomy supplies, wound-care supplies, tracheotomy
supplies, and orthotics. Supplies must be prescribed by a
medical doctor (M.D.) or doctor of osteopathy (D.O.) to be
covered. Surgical stockings are limited to 12 stockings per
calendar year.
To be covered, a doctor must include a diagnosis, the type of
equipment needed, and expected time of usage. Examples
of DME include wheelchairs, hospital-type beds, and
walkers. If equipment is rented, the total benefit may not
exceed the purchase price at the time rental begins.
Repair of DME is covered when all the following are met:
• The patient owns the equipment
• The required repairs are not caused by the patient’s misuse
or neglect of the equipment
• The expense of repair does not exceed the expense of
purchasing new equipment, and
• The equipment is not covered by warranty.
The medical plan
111
If patient-owned DME is being repaired, up to one month’s
rental for that piece of DME is covered. Payment is based
on the type of replacement device provided, but will not
exceed the rental allowance for the equipment under repair.
DME not covered: Motor‑driven scooters, invasive
implantable bone growth stimulators (except in the case of
spinal surgeries), sitz bath, seat lift, rolling chair, vaporizer,
urinal, ultraviolet cabinet, whirlpool bath equipment, bed
pan, portable paraffin bath, heating pad, heat lamp, steam/
hot/cold packs, devices that measure or record blood
pressure (except when provided in conjunction with Virtual
Primary Care through Doctor On Demand by Included
Health), and other such medical equipment or items
determined to be not medically necessary.
Family-building treatment: Fertility services such as IVF and
IUI may be covered under the Centers of Excellence program.
Such covered services are subject to a $20,000 maximum
lifetime benefit per individual participant. See the Centers of
Excellence section of this chapter for more detail.
Foot care: For nonsurgical foot care in connection with
treatment for the following conditions, the AMP allows a
total of three provider visits per calendar year:
• Bunions
• Corns or calluses
• Flat, unstable, or unbalanced feet
• Metatarsalgia
• Hammertoe
• Hallux valgus/claw toes, or
• Plantar fasciitis.
Services must be prescribed by a medical doctor (M.D.),
doctor of osteopathy (D.O.), or doctor of podiatric
medicine (D.P.M.).
Open-cutting surgical care (including removal of nail roots)
and nonsurgical care due to metabolic and peripheral
vascular disease are not subject to the calendar-year limit.
Orthotic devices for the feet may be covered if prescribed
by a qualified doctor and custom-molded under the
doctor’s supervision, subject to the calendar-year limit
described above. Orthopedic shoes prescribed by a doctor
are limited to two shoes per calendar year.
Gender dysphoria treatment: Medically necessary services
for treatment of gender dysphoria are covered:
• Gender reassignment surgery, including both
male-to-female surgery and female-to-male surgery
• Hormone replacement therapy, including laboratory
testing to monitor hormone therapy, and
• Psychotherapy visits.
Gender reassignment surgery is not considered medically
necessary for individuals under the age of 18. Cosmetic
services that are not medically necessary are not covered.
Hearing devices: External hearing aids and related
doctor visits are covered, subject to otherwise applicable
AMP terms—once every five years for adults and once
every two years for children age 18 and under. Battery
replacement is not covered.
Home nursing care: In-home private-duty professional
nursing services are covered if provided by a stateapproved licensed vocational nurse (L.V.N.), licensed
practical nurse (L.P.N.), or registered nurse (R.N.). Services
cannot be rendered by a relative or by someone in the same
household as the patient. Home nursing care benefits are
payable up to a maximum of 100 visits per calendar year.
A visit is defined as two hours or less.
Hospice care: Hospice care is an integrated program
providing comfort and support services for the terminally
ill. Hospice care is covered if you have an estimated
life expectancy of 12 months or less, as attested by the
physician treating the illness. Hospice care can be provided
on an inpatient or outpatient basis and includes physical,
psychological, social, spiritual, and respite care for the
terminally ill person, and support for immediate family
members, including partners, while the covered person is
receiving hospice care. Benefits are available only when
hospice care is received from a licensed hospice agency,
which can include a hospital.
Inpatient and outpatient hospice care are covered up to
365 days per illness. Participants may continue to receive
treatment and participate in approved clinical trials while
obtaining hospice services. Coverage for additional days
may be available if determined to be medically necessary.
Infertility treatment: Services for the diagnosis and
correction of an underlying condition of infertility generally
are covered under otherwise applicable AMP terms.
Fertility services, such as IVF and IUI may be covered under
the Centers of Excellence program even if not medically
necessary. Refer to the Centers of Excellence section in this
chapter for information on covered fertility services. Refer
to What is not covered by the AMP later in this chapter for a
list of non‑covered infertility services.
International business travel medical coverage: The company
provides international business medical insurance through
an insurance policy from GeoBlue. If you participate in the
Saver Plan, you are not eligible to make HSA contributions
for any month in which you are traveling on company
business outside the U.S. and are covered under the
GeoBlue policy, which provides health benefit coverage
for associates traveling internationally on business. You are
encouraged to consult with your tax advisor if you have
questions about the amount to reduce your contributions
based on your individual circumstances.
The medical plan
112
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Nutritional counseling: Nutritional counseling for children is
covered if it is medically necessary for a chronic disease (e.g.,
PKU, Crohn’s disease, celiac disease, galactosemia, etc.) or an
eating disorder in which dietary adjustment has a therapeutic
role when prescribed by a physician and furnished by a
provider (e.g., a registered dietician, licensed nutritionist, or
other qualified licensed health professional) recognized under
the AMP. Benefits are limited to three visits per condition per
year for chronic diseases. See the Preventive care program
section for additional benefits related to nutritional and
obesity counseling for adults and children.
Off-label use of cancer chemotherapy injectable drugs:
These drugs are covered when medically necessary,
recommended by one of the following three drug
compendia, and not recommended against by one or more
of the same compendia (appropriate to the date of service):
• AHFS Drug Information
• Clinical Pharmacology, or
• National Comprehensive Cancer Network (consensus) or
category 1 (the recommendation is based on high‑level
evidence and there is uniform NCCN consensus) or
category 2A (the recommendation is based on lower-level
evidence and there is uniform NCCN consensus).
If you or your physician are unsure about the AMP’s
coverage for any type of prescription drug, verify coverage
details by calling the TPA of your medical plan at the
number on your plan ID card. You can also call OptumRx at
844-705-7493.
Off-label use of non-cancer chemotherapy injectable drugs:
These drugs are covered when medically necessary and
recommended under one of the following drug compendia
(appropriate to the date of service):
• AHFS Drug Information, or
• Clinical Pharmacology.
The AMP does not cover any drug determined by the FDA
to be contra-indicated or not advisable. Coverage for
FDA-approved drugs is subject to the AMP’s applicable
requirements and limitations.
Oral treatment: Charges for care of teeth and gums are
covered when submitted by a doctor or dentist, including
but not limited to:
• Prescriptions
• Emergency department services for mouth pain
• Treatment of fractures/dislocations of the jaw resulting
from an accidental injury
• Accidental injury to natural teeth up to one year from the
date of the accident (does not include injuries resulting
from biting or chewing; those may be covered under the
dental plan)
• Dental procedures necessitated by either severe disease
(including but not limited to cancer) or traumatic event,
as long as the dental service is medically necessary
and the service is incidental to and an integral part of
service covered under AMP medical benefits. Examples
of services include but are not limited to the extraction
of teeth prior to or following chemotherapy or radiation
therapy of the head and neck. Treatment of oral
tissues related to chemotherapy must be supported by
documentation of a direct link between the destroyed
bone or gums and the chemotherapy.
• Non-dental cutting procedures in the oral cavity
• Medical complications that are the result of a dental
procedure, or
• Expenses for dental services performed in a hospital
setting, including facility and professional charges, for
extensive procedures that prevent an oral surgeon from
providing general anesthesia in an office setting, or for
circumstances that limit the ability of the oral surgeon to
provide services in an office setting. Such circumstances
include but are not limited to situations in which the
covered person is:
– A child under age 4
– Between the age of 4 and 12, when either:
• Care in a dental office has been attempted
unsuccessfully and usual methods of behavior
modification have not been successful; or
• Extensive amounts of care are required, exceeding
four appointments.
– An individual with one of the following medical
conditions, requiring hospitalization or general
anesthesia for dental treatment:
• Respiratory illness
• Cardiac conditions
• Bleeding disorders
• Severe disability (including but not limited to cerebral
palsy, autism, developmental disability)
• Other severe disease (including but not limited to
cancer or neurological disorder), or
• Compromised airway.
– An individual of any age whose condition requires
extensive procedures that prevent an oral surgeon from
providing general anesthesia in the office setting.
The medical plan
113
Outpatient physical/occupational therapy: Charges for
outpatient physical/occupational therapy are covered when
services are:
• Prescribed by a medical doctor (M.D.), doctor of
osteopathy (D.O.), or doctor of podiatric medicine
(D.P.M.), and
• Provided by a licensed physical therapy provider or
licensed occupational therapy provider or by one of the
types of doctors listed above.
This benefit is payable to a maximum of 20 visits for
physical therapy and 20 visits for occupational therapy per
calendar year. Additional visits may be covered if deemed
appropriate by the care manager. This maximum does not
apply to mental health conditions.
Pregnancy benefits: Pregnancy expenses are covered the
same as any other medical condition. See Doula services
earlier in this section for information about doula services in
select pilot locations. (Eligible prenatal services are covered
under the preventive care program.)
Benefits are paid for pregnancy-related expenses of
dependent children. The newborn is covered only if the
newborn is a covered dependent of the covered associate.
See How to change your elections due to an election change
event in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
chapter for information on enrolling a newborn for coverage.
Prostate-specific antigen (PSA) tests: Covered only when
conducted as part of a clinical diagnosis.
Prosthetics: Prosthetic devices (such as artificial limbs)
are covered if medically necessary and prescribed by a
physician, subject to the terms and conditions of the AMP.
Replacement prostheses are allowed only with a change
of prescription. A licensed prosthetician must perform
replacements of artificial limbs.
Rehabilitative care: Inpatient and/or day rehabilitation is
covered to a maximum of 120 days per condition for the
following clinical groups if clinical criteria are met:
• Stroke
• Spinal cord injury
• Brain injury
• Congenital deformity
• Neurological disorders
• Amputation
• Severe or advanced osteoarthritis involving two or more
weight-bearing joints
• Rheumatoid, other arthritis
• Systemic vasculitis with joint inflammation
• Major multiple trauma, or
• Burns.
Specialty care: Medical care commonly provided at the
following types of facilities is covered if you are admitted
to this level of care subsequent to an eligible acute care
hospital confinement:
• Extended care facility
• Long-term acute care specialty facility
• Subacute care facility
• Skilled nursing facility, or
• Transitional care facility.
Benefits are limited to a maximum of 60 calendar days per
disability period. Successive periods of confinement due
to the same or related causes are considered one disability
period unless separated by a complete recovery.
Speech therapy: Therapy of up to 60 visits per calendar year
is covered when:
• Prescribed by a medical doctor (M.D.) or doctor of
osteopathy (D.O.), and
• Provided by a licensed speech therapist.
Initial and ongoing plans of treatment and progress reports
may be requested from the prescribing doctor. To be
covered, speech therapy must be for a residual speech
impairment resulting from:
• A cerebral vascular accident
• Head or neck injury
• Partial or complete paralysis of voice cords or larynx
• Head or neck surgery, or
• Congenital and severe developmental speech disorders.
The visit limit does not apply to mental health conditions.
Telehealth visits: Except for Doctor On Demand by
Included Health, which is paid at 100% for most AMP plan
options, other telehealth visits with your provider are
covered subject to the same terms as in-person visits,
including cost sharing and coverage based on network or
non-network status of the provider.
Termination of pregnancy: Charges for procedures,
services, drugs, and supplies related to the termination of
pregnancy, including abortion services, are not covered,
except, where legally permissible: 1) when a woman’s
attending physician determines that her health would be
in danger if the fetus were carried to term, the fetus could
not survive until the time of delivery or the birthing process,
or death of the fetus would be imminent after birth, 2) in
cases where a woman is pregnant due to rape or incest,
or 3) in the event of an ectopic pregnancy or miscarriage.
See Travel benefit for complex care in the Navigating your
benefits chart for more information about travel services
that may be available.
The medical plan
114
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Transplant services: See the Centers of Excellence
section in this chapter for information on transplant
services that are covered under the Centers of Excellence
program. Cornea and intestinal transplant services are
not covered under the Centers of Excellence program
but are covered services under otherwise applicable AMP
terms. For all transplant services, you must be enrolled
in the AMP for at least 12 months. With respect to the
12-month wait only, refer to the Centers of Excellence
section in this chapter for details, including requesting a
waiver to the waiting period. Transplantation of body parts
(e.g., face, hands, feet, legs, arms, uterus) is not covered
under any circumstance.
Vision services: Diagnosis and treatment of injury or
disease of the eye, including but not limited to diabetic
retinopathy, glaucoma, and macular degeneration, are
covered. Charges for routine eye care, including but not
limited to vision analysis, eye examinations, or eye surgeries
for nearsightedness or correction of vision, are not covered,
except for vision screening for children covered under
preventive care guidelines. Some of these services may be
covered under the vision plan. See The vision plan chapter.
Weight loss treatment: Weight loss surgery is covered only
under the Centers of Excellence program when you meet
specific eligibility guidelines and clinical criteria. Weight
loss treatments, including but not limited to medications,
diet supplements, and surgeries outside the scope of the
Centers of Excellence program, are not covered. See
the Centers of Excellence section of this chapter for
information about weight loss surgery.
What is not covered by the AMP
In addition to the exclusions and limitations listed in the
When limited benefits apply to the AMP section of this
chapter, the following list represents services not covered by
the AMP. Network discounts do not apply to these services.
If you are enrolled in the Saver Plan, you may be able to
use your HSA funds for these and other qualified medical
expenses. For information, contact your HSA administrator.
If you have a question regarding whether a service is
covered under the AMP, call the TPA at the number on your
plan ID card or see For more information at the end of this
book for contact details.
Acupuncture
Administrative services and interest fees: Charges for the
completion of claim forms, missed appointments, additional
charges for weekend or holiday appointments, interest fees,
collection fees, or attorney fees.
Alternative/nontraditional treatment (including homeopathy,
naturopathy, hypnosis, and massage therapy).
Autopsy
Beyond the scope of licensure or unlicensed: Services
rendered by a non-credited or a non-licensed physician,
health care worker or institution, or services rendered
beyond the scope of such person’s or entity’s license, or
services provided in a jurisdiction where such services may
not be legally provided.
Biofeedback
Breast reconstruction/reduction: Any expenses or charges
resulting from breast enlargement (augmentation),
including implant insertion and implant removal, whether
male or female, are not covered except when the implant
is removed as the result of implant damage or rupture.
Replacement of a damaged or ruptured implant is
not covered unless the original implant was placed for
conditions eligible to be paid by the AMP.
Any expenses or charges resulting from breast reductions,
implantations or total breast removal, whether male
or female, are not covered, unless directly related to
treatment of a mastectomy, as provided by law (see The
Women’s Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1998 later in this
chapter), or unless an AMP medical review determines the
procedure is medically necessary.
Chiropractic care: Spinal manipulation, joint manipulation,
or soft-tissue manipulation, regardless of the type of
provider performing the service, except for limited
coverage for network services provided to participants
enrolled in the Mercy Arkansas Local Plan.
Copays and/or discounts, deductibles, and/or coinsurance
Cosmetic health services or reconstructive surgery: Except
for congenital abnormality, services covered by law (see The
Women’s Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1998 later in this
chapter), or conditions resulting from accidental injuries,
tumors or diseases.
Custodial or respite care: Care or services provided in
a facility or home to maintain a person’s present state
of health, which cannot reasonably be expected to
significantly improve.
Drugs, items, and equipment not FDA-approved
Educational services: Including any services for learning and
educational disorders (which include but are not limited to
reading disorders, alexia, developmental dyslexia, dyscalculia,
spelling disorders, and other learning difficulties), but
excluding services that are preventive services described in
the Preventive care program section.
The medical plan
115
Elective inpatient and outpatient stays or services
outside the U.S.
Expenses related to missed appointments, review or
storage of your health care information or data
Experimental, investigational, and/or treatments and
services that are not medically necessary: Experimental
and/or investigational medical services are those defined as
experimental and/or investigational according to protocols
established by your TPA. For Centers of Excellence services,
the Centers of Excellence TPA makes this determination.
Extracorporeal shock wave therapy: For plantar fasciitis and
other musculoskeletal conditions.
Government compensation: Charges that are compensated
for or furnished by local, state, or federal government, or
any agency thereof, unless payment is legally required.
HMO copays
Illegal occupation, assault, felony, riot, or insurrection:
Charges for medical services, supplies, or treatments
that result from or occur while being engaged in an illegal
occupation, commission of an assault, felony, or criminal
offense (except for a moving violation), or participation in a
riot or insurrection.
Infertility services, including:
• Charges to reverse a sterilization procedure; and
• Charges for, or related to, the services of a surrogate.
Some fertility services may be provided under the Centers
of Excellence—see the Centers of Excellence section in
this chapter.
Judgments/settlements
Late claims: Charges received more than 18 months past the
date of service. See Filing a medical claim later in this chapter
for information about coordination of benefits. In the event a
participant establishes that a claim was filed within the stated
time period, but the claim was mistakenly filed with the
company or any TPA of the AMP, that time shall not count
toward the filing period above.
Marital, family, or relationship counseling: Or counseling
to assist in achieving more effective intra- or interpersonal
development.
Military-related injury or illness: Including injury or
illness related to, or resulting from, acts of war, declared
or undeclared.
Neurofeedback
Nonaccredited/nonlicensed providers or institutions
Non-covered services:
• Services not specifically included as a benefit in this
Associate Benefits Book
• Services provided after exceeding the benefit maximum
for specified services
• Services for which you are responsible for payment, such
as non-covered out-of-network charges
• Services delivered in a jurisdiction where such services may
not be legally provided
• Charges for services above the contracted rates to
providers, or
• Charges for medical records.
Out-of-pocket expenses
Over-the-counter medications and equipment: Except for
specific preventive care medications. See The pharmacy
benefit chapter for more information.
Personal care items: Primarily for personal comfort or
convenience, including but not limited to diapers, bathtub
grabbers, handrails, lift chairs, over-bed tables, bedboards,
incontinence pads, ramps, snug seats, recreational items,
home improvements and home appliances, spas, wigs, and
knee braces for sports.
Services provided by a member of the patient’s
immediate family
Services provided by a government entity
while incarcerated
Sexual dysfunction services and pharmaceuticals: Including
therapy, treatment, or pharmaceuticals for the treatment of
sexual dysfunction, except for sexual dysfunction resulting
from an accidental injury or treatment for an illness or
condition (e.g., erectile dysfunction resulting from a
prostatectomy or spinal cord injury).
Sports/school physicals: Charges for physical examinations
performed for the purpose of clearing an individual for
participation in a sport or school activity.
Surrogate parenting: Fees related to surrogacy (other than
maternity care costs for an enrollee otherwise covered
under the AMP), whether paying for another’s services or
serving as a surrogate.
Talking aids: Assistive talking devices, including special
computers or devices designed to assist in therapy
treatment to enhance motor and/or psychological abilities.
Travel and lodging, except as specified under Centers of
Excellence or travel benefits for complex care: See Travel
benefit for complex care in the Navigating your benefits
chart for more information about travel services that
may be available.
The medical plan
116
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Vitamins: Charges for nonprescription vitamins (whether
oral or injectable), minerals, nutritional supplements, or
dietary supplements, except as outlined in the Preventive
care program section of this chapter.
Walmart Health-provided services: Charges for
non‑preventive services, except where the Walmart
Health facility is considered a network provider.
Work hardening or similar vocational programs
Workers’ compensation: Treatment of any compensable
injury, as defined by applicable workers’ compensation
law, regardless of whether or not you file a timely claim for
workers’ compensation benefits.
Filing a medical claim (other than
travel benefits for complex care)
If you use a network provider, the provider will generally file
the claim for you. If you see a non-network provider, you
may need to file a claim yourself. Claim forms are located
on One.Walmart.com/Medical. You must file within 18
months from date of service.
If you need to file a claim, it should include the following
information:
• Patient’s name
• Provider’s name, address, and tax identification number
• Associate’s insurance ID (see your plan ID card)
• Date of service
• Amount of charges
• Medical procedure codes (these should be found on the
bill), and
• Diagnosis.
See your plan ID card for the correct address to mail your
claim. Failure to mail your claim to the correct address may
result in the denial of your claim. Claims are determined
under the time frames and requirements outlined in the
Claims and appeals chapter.
When you incur medical expenses and file a claim, or a
claim is filed on your behalf, benefits are paid directly to
the provider for network services. Payment to the provider
discharges the AMP’s obligation to you for the benefit.
If your plan provides coverage for non-network providers
and you use a non-network provider, payment may
be made directly to you upon your showing proof of
payment in full to the provider. You are responsible for
your cost-sharing, plus any amount above the maximum
allowable charge. As a convenience to you, payment may
also be made to a non‑network provider if you expressly
authorize such payment. Your provider, whether network
or non‑network, may not pursue appeals on your behalf
unless you designate your provider as your authorized
representative, as described in the Claims and appeals
chapter. The AMP prohibits the assignment of any benefit
or any legal right, claim, or cause of action (whether
known or unknown).
You have the right to appeal a claim denial, as described in
the Claims and appeals chapter.
Filing a claim for travel benefits for
complex care
If Included Health does not pre-approve your travel benefits
for complex care and you disagree with that determination,
you may file a written pre-service claim for benefits. Claim
forms are located on One.Walmart.com/Medical or you can
call Included Health at 800-941-1348 to request a paper copy.
Claims for travel benefits for complex care will be decided
under the general procedures and time frames for preservice claims discussed in the Medical, pharmacy, Centers
of Excellence, dental, and vision benefits claims process
section of the Claims and appeals chapter. See the claim
form at One.Walmart.com/Medical for information on
where to file a claim.
If you have coverage under more
than one medical plan
The AMP has the right to coordinate with other plans under
which you are covered so the total medical benefits payable
do not exceed the level of benefits otherwise payable under
the AMP. “Other plans” refers to the following types of
medical coverage:
• Coverage under a governmental program provided or
required by statute, including no-fault coverage to the
extent required in policies or contracts by a motor vehicle
insurance statute or similar legislation
• Group insurance or other coverage for a group of
individuals, including coverage under another employer
plan or student coverage obtained through an
educational institution
• Any coverage under labor-management trusteed plans,
union welfare plans, employer organization plans or
employee benefit organization plans
• Any coverage under governmental plans, such as
Medicare or TRICARE, but not including a state plan
under Medicaid or any governmental plan when, by law, its
benefits are secondary to those of any private insurance,
nongovernmental program, and
• Any private or association policy or plan of medical
expense reimbursement that is group- or individual-rated.
The medical plan
117
When you are covered by more than one plan, one of the
plans is designated the primary plan. The primary plan
pays first and ignores benefits payable under other plans
when determining benefits. Any other plan is designated
as a secondary plan that pays benefits after the primary
plan. A secondary plan reduces its benefits by the amount
of benefits payable under “other plans” and may limit the
benefits it pays.
You must follow the primary plan’s terms in order for the
AMP to pay as secondary payer. These rules apply whether
or not a claim is made under the other plan. If a claim is not
made under the other plan and the other plan is the primary
plan, benefits under the AMP will be delayed or denied until
an explanation of benefits is received showing a claim was
made with the primary plan.
The AMP does not coordinate as a secondary payer for any
copays you pay with respect to another plan or with respect
to prescription drug claims or transplants (except where the
other plan is Medicare).
If you reside in a state where automobile no-fault coverage,
personal injury protection coverage, or medical payment
coverage is mandatory, that coverage is primary and the
AMP is secondary. The AMP reduces benefits for an amount
equal to the state’s mandatory minimum requirement.
Other rules:
• The AMP has first priority with respect to its right to
reduction, reimbursement, and subrogation.
• The AMP does not coordinate benefits with an HMO or
similar managed care plan where you pay only a copayment
or fixed dollar amount.
• The AMP does not coordinate with any other plan other
than Medicare with respect to a covered transplant.
HOW THE AMP COORDINATES WITH OTHER PLANS
Example 1 Example 2 Example 3
If another plan
pays primary at:
80% 80% 0%
And the AMP’s
payment is:
75% 100% 75%
The AMP’s total
benefit is:
0% 20% 75%
DETERMINING WHICH PLAN IS PRIMARY
A plan without a coordinating provision is always primary.
The AMP has a coordinating provision. If all plans have a
coordinating provision, the following provisions apply:
• The AMP always is the secondary payer to any motor
vehicle policy available to you, including personal
injury protection or no-fault coverage. If the AMP pays
benefits as a result of injuries or illnesses you sustain and
another party (e.g., an insurance company) bears primary
responsibility for your covered medical expenses, the AMP
has a legal right to reimbursement of benefits. See the
Claims and appeals chapter for more information.
• The plan covering the participant for whom the claim is
made, other than as a dependent, pays first and the other
plan pays second.
• If the plan participant is covered under a retiree medical
plan that includes a coordination of benefits provision, that
provision governs.
• For dependent children’s claims, the plan of the parent
whose birthday occurs earlier in the calendar year is primary.
• When the birthdays of both parents are on the same day,
the plan that has covered the dependent for the longer
period of time is primary.
• When the parents of a dependent child are divorced
or separated, or the domestic partnership or legal
relationship is terminated, and the parent with custody has
not remarried, that parent’s plan is primary.
• When the parent with custody has remarried, or entered
into a domestic partnership with another individual, that
parent’s plan is primary, the stepparent’s plan pays second
and the plan of the parent without custody pays last.
• When there is a court decree that establishes financial
responsibility for the health care expenses of the
child, the plan that covers the parent with financial
responsibility is primary.
• If these rules do not establish an order of benefit
determination, the plan that has covered the participant
for whom the claim is made for the longest period of
time is primary.
• If you are covered under a right of continuation coverage
pursuant to federal or state law (for example, COBRA)
and you are also covered under another plan that covers
you as an employee, member subscriber, or retiree (or as
that person’s dependent), the latter plan is primary and the
continuation coverage is secondary. If the other plan does
not have this rule, and the plans do not agree on the order
of benefits, this rule does not apply.
IF YOU OR A DEPENDENT IS COVERED
UNDER MEDICAID
If you or your dependent is a participant in the AMP and also
covered under Medicaid, the AMP pays before Medicaid.
The AMP does not take the Medicaid coverage into account
for purposes of enrollment or payment of benefits.
If, while you are covered under Medicaid, benefits are
required to be paid by the AMP, but are first paid by the
state plan, payment by the AMP will be made as required by
any applicable state law which provides that payment will be
made to the state.
The medical plan
118
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
IF YOU OR A DEPENDENT IS ELIGIBLE FOR
OR ENROLLED IN MEDICARE
If you are enrolled in Medicare Part D, you are not eligible to
enroll in the AMP. If your dependent is enrolled in Medicare
Part D and you are not, you are eligible to enroll in the AMP,
but your dependent would not be eligible for such coverage.
In general, the Social Security Act requires that AMP be
the primary payer if you or your dependent is eligible for or
enrolled in Medicare Part A, or Parts A and B, and meet one
of the following criteria:
• You are employed by the company and are age 65 or older
• You are employed by the company and your spouse/
partner is age 65 or older
• You are an active participant or COBRA participant
entitled to Medicare on the basis of end-stage renal
disease, but only for the first 30-month period of eligibility
for Medicare coverage (whether or not actually enrolled in
Medicare throughout this period)
• You are under age 65 and are entitled to Medicare due to
disability and are covered under the AMP due to being
employed by the company, or
• Your dependent is under age 65 and is entitled to Medicare
due to his or her disability and is covered under the AMP
due to your being employed by the company.
The AMP is secondary if you or your dependent is enrolled
in Medicare and meets one of the following criteria:
• You or your dependent is a COBRA participant, except
in the case of Medicare enrollment due to end-stage
renal disease, for which the AMP is primary for the first
30-month period of eligibility for Medicare coverage, or
• You or your dependent is an active participant or COBRA
participant enrolled in Medicare due to end-stage renal
disease after the 30-month coordination period with
Medicare is exhausted.
IF YOU ARE AGE 65 OR OLDER AND AN
ACTIVE ASSOCIATE
If you are still working for the company, you may continue
your coverage under the AMP. If you also have Medicare,
the AMP is generally primary and Medicare is secondary.
File your claim with the AMP first.
You may also elect to end your coverage under the AMP and
choose Medicare as your primary coverage. If you choose
Medicare as your primary coverage, you may not elect the
AMP as your secondary plan.
LEGALLY MANDATED AUTOMOBILE PERSONAL
INJURY OR MEDICAL PAYMENT COVERAGE
If you reside in a state where automobile no-fault coverage,
personal injury protection coverage, or medical payment
coverage is mandatory, that coverage is primary and
the AMP is secondary. The AMP reduces benefits for an
amount equal to, but not less than, the state’s mandatory
minimum requirement.
Break in coverage
There may be occasions in which you must make special
arrangements to pay your medical premiums to avoid a
break in coverage. These situations occur most commonly
if you are on a leave of absence or if your paycheck is not
sufficient to pay your full share of the cost of coverage
(such as after a reduction in hours). Failure to make your
premium payments by the due date may result in an
interruption in the payment of any benefit claims and/or a
break in coverage.
For details on the impact a break in coverage may have,
and on how to make personal payments to continue your
coverage, see Keeping your premiums current in the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
IF YOU GO ON A LEAVE OF ABSENCE
You may continue your coverage up to the last day of an
approved leave of absence, provided that you pay your
premiums before or during the leave. For information about
making payments while on a leave of absence, see Keeping
your premiums current in the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter.
When coverage ends
Your coverage ends on your last day of employment,
or when you are no longer eligible under AMP terms.
Dependent coverage ends when your coverage ends or
when a dependent is no longer an eligible dependent
(as defined in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective
dates chapter). You and/or your enrolled family members
may be eligible for continued coverage through the
Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985, as
amended (COBRA). See the COBRA chapter for details.
If your coverage is canceled due to your failure to pay
required premiums, coverage ends on the last day for which
premiums were paid. See Paying for your benefits in the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for
information. There is no right to continue coverage under
COBRA when coverage is canceled due to nonpayment of
required contributions.
If you voluntarily drop coverage after an election change
event or at Annual Enrollment, coverage ends as follows:
The medical plan
119
• After an election change event: coverage ends on the
effective date of the event. See Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment section of the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter
for information.
• At Annual Enrollment: coverage ends on December 31
of the current year.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you are a part-time or temporary associate who is subject
to the 60-day, one-time, and annual eligibility checks for
medical benefits, see the Part‑time hourly and temporary
associates: eligibility checks for medical benefits section in
the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for
details regarding the impact to your benefits of terminating
employment with the company and then returning to work.
For details regarding the impact to your deductible, out-ofpocket maximum, and HRA, see below.
If you are a full-time hourly, management, or truck driver
associate, see the If you leave the company and are rehired
section in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
chapter for details regarding the impact to your benefits
of terminating employment with the company and then
returning to work. For details regarding the impact to your
deductible, out-of-pocket maximum, and HRA, see below.
Impact to deductible, out-of-pocket maximum, and HRA:
• If you terminate and then return to work within 30 days
of your termination date, your deductible, out-of-pocket
maximum, and HRA (if applicable) will not reset unless you
terminate in one calendar year and return to work in the
following calendar year.*
• If you terminate and then return to work more than
30 days but less than 13 weeks from your termination
date, your deductible, out-of-pocket maximum, and
HRA (if applicable) will reset.*
• If you terminate and then return to work 13 weeks or
more from your termination date, you will be considered
a new associate and will be required to complete any
applicable eligibility waiting period or other requirements.
See the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter
for details.*
*If you or an eligible dependent were enrolled in the AMP and had
accrued amounts toward, or had reached, the maximum lifetime
benefit applicable to fertility benefits under the Centers of
Excellence family building program, no portion of the maximum
lifetime benefit will reset for any reason.
Other information about
the medical plan
THE WOMEN’S HEALTH AND CANCER RIGHTS
ACT OF 1998
The Women’s Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1998 requires
that all group medical plans that provide medical and
surgical benefits with respect to mastectomy must provide
coverage for:
• All stages of reconstruction of the breast on which the
mastectomy has been performed
• Surgery and reconstruction of the other breast to produce
a symmetrical appearance, and
• Prostheses and physical complications of mastectomy,
including lymphedemas, in a manner determined in
consultation with the attending physician and the patient.
Such coverage will be subject to the otherwise applicable
annual deductibles and coinsurance/copayment provisions
under the AMP. Written notice of the availability of
such coverage shall be delivered to the participant
upon enrollment and annually thereafter. For additional
information, call People Services at 800-421-1362.
A NOTE ABOUT MATERNITY ADMISSIONS
Group health plans and health insurance issuers generally
may not, under federal law, restrict benefits for any
hospital length of stay in connection with childbirth for the
mother or newborn child to less than 48 hours following a
vaginal delivery or less than 96 hours following a cesarean
section. However, federal law does not prohibit the
mother’s or newborn’s attending provider, after consulting
with the mother, from discharging the mother or her
newborn earlier than 48 hours (or 96 hours, as applicable).
In any case, plans and issuers may not, under federal law,
require that a provider obtain authorization from the plan
or the insurance issuer for prescribing a length of stay not
in excess of 48 hours (or 96 hours, as applicable).
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The pharmacy benefit
The pharmacy benefit 122
Preventive care 124
What is not covered by the pharmacy benefit 125
Pharmacy discounts for prescriptions not covered 125
Manufacturer assistance and other discounts or coupons 126
Filing a pharmacy benefit claim 126
Privacy and security 126
The information in this chapter describes pharmacy benefits
that may be available to you if you are enrolled in the Associates’
Medical Plan. See The medical plan chapter for details.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
The pharmacy benefit
121
The pharmacy benefit
Keep you and your eligible dependents in good health with your pharmacy benefit. It’s automatically
included with your medical plan.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Find a Walmart or Sam’s Club pharmacy Go to One.Walmart.com or
OptumRx.com/Walmart
Contact Walmart Specialty Pharmacy Go to One.Walmart.com Call Walmart Specialty Pharmacy
at 800-284-9770
Find an OptumRx network pharmacy Go to OptumRx.com Call OptumRx at 844-705-7493
Get information about Walmart Home
Delivery Pharmacy
Go to One.Walmart.com Call Walmart Home Delivery Pharmacy
at 866-855-0740
For pharmacy benefit inquiries Call OptumRx at 844-705-7493
Get the list of covered brand-name drugs Go to One.Walmart.com or
OptumRx.com/Walmart
Call OptumRx at 844-705-7493
What you need to know about the pharmacy benefit
• You are automatically covered under the pharmacy benefit if you are enrolled in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver Plan
option or one of the local plan options available under the Associates’ Medical Plan (AMP). If you are enrolled in an HMO
plan or the PPO Plan, your pharmacy benefits are provided through the HMO or PPO, respectively.
• The pharmacy benefit covers only prescription drugs specifically listed on the pharmacy benefit’s formulary.
• The pharmacies discussed in this chapter include:
– Walmart or Sam’s Club pharmacy—including an in‑store or in‑club pharmacy.
– Walmart Home Delivery Pharmacy—mail-order pharmacy for Walmart.
– Walmart Specialty Pharmacy—mail-order specialty pharmacy for Walmart.
– OptumRx network pharmacy—including a Walmart or Sam’s Club pharmacy and any pharmacy in the OptumRx network.
• Where prescriptions must be filled depends on the type of drug that has been prescribed:
– Maintenance medications (drugs taken on a regular basis for chronic conditions such as high blood pressure, arthritis,
diabetes, or asthma, among others) must be filled through Walmart Home Delivery Pharmacy or any Walmart or Sam’s
Club pharmacy. See Maintenance medications later in this chapter for details.
– Specialty medications (except for fertility drugs, as described in this chapter) must be filled through Walmart
Specialty Pharmacy.
– All other medications must be filled at a Walmart or Sam’s Club pharmacy, unless an exception applies. See The pharmacy
benefit section of this chapter.
The pharmacy benefit
122
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The pharmacy benefit
The pharmacy benefit covers eligible prescription drugs
purchased from certain retail and mail‑order network
pharmacies. No pharmacy benefits are paid if you use a
non‑network pharmacy. The specific retail and mail‑order
network pharmacies that you are required to use depend on
the type of prescription you are filling. You must enroll in
medical coverage under the AMP to obtain prescription drug
coverage under the pharmacy benefit. If you enroll in medical
coverage, your prescription drug coverage is effective on the
date your medical coverage under the AMP is effective and
ends on the date your medical coverage ends.
PHARMACY OPTIONS
If you are enrolled in the Premier, Contribution, or Saver
Plan option, or one of the local plan options, maintenance
medications must be filled through any Walmart or Sam’s
Club pharmacy or Walmart Home Delivery Pharmacy. See
Maintenance medications later in this chapter. Specialty
medication (except for fertility drugs, as described later
in this chapter) must be filled through Walmart Specialty
Pharmacy. See Specialty medications later in this chapter.
All other medications must be filled at a Walmart or Sam’s
Club pharmacy, unless an exception applies.
Under limited circumstances, you may fill prescriptions at
an OptumRx network pharmacy, including:
• If the AMP determines that any covered medication is
out of stock and not available at a Walmart or Sam’s Club
pharmacy for or through Walmart Specialty Pharmacy for
an extended time.
• If the AMP determines that any covered medication is
unavailable at a Walmart or Sam’s Club pharmacy, Walmart
Home Delivery, or Walmart Specialty.
• If an emergency prescription fill is needed outside Walmart
or Sam’s Club pharmacy hours.
• If a non-maintenance medication is necessary to address
an immediate health issue.
For information, call OptumRx at 844-705-7493.
NOTE: Certain restrictions apply to filling prescriptions for
narcotics and other controlled substances. Call OptumRx at
844-705-7493 for more details.
COVERED PRESCRIPTION DRUGS
The pharmacy benefit covers only prescription drugs
specifically listed on the pharmacy benefit’s formulary,
which is a list of generic and brand‑name medications
that have been tested for quality and effectiveness and
are believed to be a necessary part of a quality treatment
program. The formulary is maintained by OptumRx. You can
view an abbreviated list on One.Walmart.com or you can call
OptumRx at 844-705-7493 for a full list. If you don’t see
your medication on the list, call OptumRx to see if it is on
the formulary. The formulary is subject to change without
prior notice at any time during the calendar year.
The pharmacy benefit has a closed formulary. This means
that your prescription drugs, whether they fall under the
generic, brand-name, or specialty drug category, must be
included on the formulary for pharmacy benefits to be paid.
YOUR COST SHARING FOR COVERED
PRESCRIPTION DRUGS
See the Pharmacy benefits chart on the next page for
details about copays and coinsurance.
If you are in the Premier Plan, Contribution Plan, or a local
plan option, you are required to pay the copay or coinsurance
out of your own pocket when you purchase your prescription
drugs. (If you are covered under the Contribution Plan,
HRA funds cannot be used to purchase prescriptions or to
reimburse copays or coinsurance related to prescriptions.)
Your copays are applied toward your medical plan’s annual
out-of-pocket maximum. Once you meet your annual
out‑of‑pocket maximum, eligible prescriptions are paid at
100% for the rest of the calendar year.
If you are in the Saver Plan option, in most cases you will
pay the full price for your prescription drugs until you
meet the Saver Plan’s network annual deductible. Once
you meet your network annual deductible, you will pay
the required copay or coinsurance. (The exceptions are
medications on the OptumRx list of approved preventive
medications, which are not subject to the Saver Plan’s
network annual deductible. See Preventive medications
not subject to the Saver Plan’s network annual deductible
later in this chapter for details.) Your copays are applied
toward the Saver Plan’s annual out-of-pocket maximum.
Once you meet your annual out-of-pocket maximum,
eligible prescriptions are paid at 100% for the rest of the
calendar year.
For all AMP options, the pharmacy benefit provides
discounted prices on generic and brand-name medications
that are covered on the formulary and filled at an eligible
network pharmacy. If, at the time your prescription is filled,
the discounted price available is lower than your copay,
you will be charged the lower amount, which may include a
dispensing fee.
The pharmacy benefit
123
PHARMACY BENEFITS
Formulary generic drugs*
Up to 30-day supply
31- to 60-day supply
61- to 90-day supply
High-cost generic drugs are not
covered when a therapeutically
equivalent, lower-cost generic
is available.
$4 copay
$8 copay
$12 copay
Filling your prescriptions
• Present your plan ID card at a Walmart or Sam’s Club
pharmacy.
• Prescription refills are available after 75% of your
previous prescription has been used.
• See Pharmacy options on the previous page for
additional information.
• If the AMP determines that any covered drug is not
available at Walmart/Sam’s Club pharmacy, Walmart
Home Delivery, or Walmart Specialty Pharmacy for
an extended time, you may be able to obtain the drug
from an OptumRx network pharmacy—see details about
exceptions under Pharmacy options.
Formulary brand-name drugs*
Up to a 30-day supply.
More than a 30 day-supply must
be purchased through mail order.
Greater of $50 or
25% of allowed cost
Non-formulary drugs Not covered
Specialty drugs
Available only at Walmart
Specialty Pharmacy
(except for fertility medications)
Greater of $50 or
20% of allowed cost
*Maintenance medications must be filled at Walmart Home Delivery Pharmacy or any Walmart or Sam’s Club pharmacy.
See Maintenance medications below.
When purchasing mail-order drugs:
• You must use Walmart Home Delivery Pharmacy or any Walmart or Sam’s Club pharmacy for drugs that are considered
“maintenance medications.” See Maintenance medications below. Your cost for a 90‑day supply is three times the cost of
a 30‑day supply purchased at a Walmart or Sam’s Club pharmacy, as listed above. You can get a 30-, 60-, or 90-day supply
through mail order when you use Walmart Home Delivery Pharmacy.
MAINTENANCE MEDICATIONS
Effective January 1, 2023, if you are enrolled in the
Premier, Contribution, Saver Plan option or a local plan
option, you must use Walmart Home Delivery Pharmacy
or any Walmart or Sam’s Club pharmacy for drugs that
are considered “maintenance medications.” Maintenance
medications are drugs commonly prescribed to treat a
chronic or long-term medical condition and are taken
on a regular, recurring basis. Examples of maintenance
medications include but are not limited to ones which are
used to treat high blood pressure, heart disease, diabetes,
asthma, arthritis, etc. See the formulary for a list of
maintenance medications. You can view an abbreviated
list on One.Walmart.com or you can call OptumRx at
844-705-7493 for a full list.
If you were using an OptumRx network pharmacy to fill
your maintenance medications before January 1, 2023,
you must transfer those prescriptions to Walmart Home
Delivery Pharmacy or to any Walmart or Sam’s Club
pharmacy to receive the AMP pharmacy benefit. Through
Walmart Home Delivery Pharmacy, you can get a 30-,
60-, or 90-day supply of most maintenance medications
and the convenience of having them shipped directly to
you. Need help? Call Walmart Home Delivery Pharmacy
at 866-855-0740 to move your maintenance medications
to mail order.
TYPES OF DRUGS
Generic drug: A generic drug is a lower-cost equivalent of
a brand-name drug. When a generic equivalent becomes
available, the brand-name drug will no longer be covered.
Generic equivalents work like the brand-name drug
in dosage, strength, performance, and use, and must
meet the same quality and safety standards. All generic
drugs must be reviewed by the United States Food
and Drug Administration (FDA). For more information,
visit One.Walmart.com.
Brand-name drug: A covered brand-name drug is a drug
manufactured by a single manufacturer that has been
evaluated for safety and effectiveness when compared to
similar drugs treating the same condition and identified for
inclusion on the covered brand-name drug list.
Specialty drug: Specialty drugs are used to treat complex
conditions such as cancer, growth hormone deficiency,
hemophilia, hepatitis C, immune deficiency, multiple
sclerosis, and rheumatoid arthritis. Specialty drugs require
an enhanced level of service, whether administered by
a health care professional, self-injected, or taken orally.
(Medications used to treat diabetes are not considered
specialty medications.) See the following page for special
rules for fertility specialty drugs.
The pharmacy benefit
124
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
SPECIALTY MEDICATIONS
Effective January 1, 2023, you must use Walmart Specialty
Pharmacy for specialty medications. See the formulary for
a list of specialty medications. You can view an abbreviated
list on One.Walmart.com or you can call OptumRx at
844-705-7493 for a full list. If you were using OptumRx
Specialty Pharmacy to fill your specialty medications before
January 1, 2023, you must transfer those prescriptions
to Walmart Specialty Pharmacy. A prior authorization is
required for specialty medications. OptumRx will work
with your doctor to make sure the medication is clinically
necessary for your treatment. If you have received a prior
authorization for a specialty medication and that prior
authorization is still in effect on January 1, 2023, it will
be transferred to Walmart Specialty Pharmacy. Some
specialty medications are only available at certain specialty
pharmacies. These drugs are classified as limited distribution
drugs (LDD). If a certain LDD is not available at Walmart
Specialty Pharmacy, that medication will be transferred to
OptumRx Specialty Pharmacy or another network specialty
pharmacy to be dispensed. If you have questions concerning
specialty medications, call OptumRx at 844-705-7493. See
below for special rules for fertility specialty medications.
FERTILITY MEDICATION
The AMP medical benefit covers FDA-approved fertility
medications, when prescribed by Kindbody, the Plan’s
family-building Centers of Excellence provider. These
medications are unique to fertility treatment and
will be filled through Kindbody’s specialty pharmacy,
Schraft’s Pharmacy, and processed under the terms and
conditions as described in the The medical plan chapter.
MEDICATIONS THAT REQUIRE PRIOR
AUTHORIZATION
Prior authorization is required before some medications
can be covered by the AMP, including specialty medications.
OptumRx may ask your physician to provide additional
information. This is called a “coverage authorization.”
After OptumRx receives the required information, it will
notify you and your physician (usually within two business
days) to confirm whether coverage is authorized. If it is
determined that the prescription is not a covered drug
or you are not eligible for the drug under the AMP, it will
not be paid. You may appeal this decision, as described in
the Claims and appeals chapter. If you choose to fill the
prescription without prior authorization, you must pay the
full retail cost, even if the prescription would have been
authorized if you had waited. The amount paid will not be
applied toward your out‑of‑pocket maximum.
For questions about prior authorizations, call OptumRx at
844-705-7493.
SPECIALTY REDIRECTION PROGRAM
If you receive infused or injected specialty medications,
this optional program supports a transition of services
from a hospital setting to alternative sites of care such as
a physician’s office, infusion suite, or your home. Program
clinicians evaluate appropriate infusion sites based on
detailed case reviews and will provide you with proposed
alternative sites of care. For more information, call
OptumRx or your health care advisor at the number on
your plan ID card.
MEDICATIONS WITH QUANTITY LIMITS
Certain medications have limits on the quantity you
can receive per prescription, based on FDA dosage
guidelines. A list of these medications can be found on
One.Walmart.com.
Medications for quantities greater than the FDA‑approved
quantity are not covered under the AMP. If you choose to
fill the prescription, you must pay the full retail cost.
Preventive care
CONTRACEPTIVES FOR WOMEN
The AMP covers all FDA‑approved contraceptive methods,
including approved over‑the‑counter (OTC) variations for
women, as required by the Affordable Care Act. The AMP
covers certain FDA‑approved generic contraceptives (and
brand‑name contraceptives when medically necessary) at
100%, with no deductible, for women who are capable of
bearing a child, when the drug is prescribed by a physician.
If your attending physician believes a brand‑name
contraceptive is medically necessary, see Preventive care
exceptions process in this section.
HIV PREVENTION
The AMP covers preexposure prophylaxis (“PrEP”)
with effective antiretroviral therapy at 100%, with no
deductible, when the drug is prescribed by a physician
to a person at high risk of becoming infected with HIV.
PREVENTIVE MEDICATIONS NOT SUBJECT
TO THE SAVER PLAN’S NETWORK
ANNUAL DEDUCTIBLE
If you are enrolled in the Saver Plan, certain preventive
medications are covered under the Saver Plan before you
meet the Plan’s network annual deductible. Prescription
medications that can keep you from developing a health
condition are considered “preventive medications.”
If you are taking prescribed medications for certain 
The pharmacy benefit
125
health issues, such as high blood pressure, diabetes,
high cholesterol, etc., you may be eligible to get these
medications at no cost before you meet your Saver Plan’s
network annual deductible. OptumRx maintains the list of
approved preventive medications. For more information,
call OptumRx at 844-705-7493 or visit One.Walmart.com
to see a formulary list.
PREVENTIVE OVER-THE-COUNTER
MEDICATIONS
The AMP covers certain generic over‑the‑counter (OTC)
preventive care medications at 100% when they are
prescribed by a physician and purchased at a Walmart or
Sam’s Club pharmacy. You will need to present your plan
ID card and a prescription from your physician at the time
of purchase. Covered OTC preventive care medications
are those required under the Affordable Care Act. If
your physician believes a brand‑name preventive OTC
medication is medically necessary rather than a generic,
see the Preventive care exceptions process on this page.
Some common preventive OTC medications identified by
the United States Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF)
are listed in the Preventive over‑the‑counter medications
chart below. For a current list of covered preventive care
OTC medications, call OptumRx at 844-705-7493 or visit
One.Walmart.com to see a formulary list.
PREVENTIVE OVER‑THE‑COUNTER MEDICATIONS
Recommended by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force
(USPSTF)
Oral fluoride By prescription when appropriate for
children 6 months to 6 years of age
Folic acid By prescription for all women planning or
capable of pregnancy
Generic aspirin Low‑dose aspirin (81mg/d) by prescription
after 12 weeks of gestation in pregnant
women at high risk for preeclampsia
Bowel prep
agents
By prescription when appropriate for a
screening colonoscopy for adults age 45
and over
PREVENTIVE CARE EXCEPTIONS PROCESS
As noted earlier in this chapter, the Plan covers generic
contraceptive and preventive care medications as required
by the Affordable Care Act. If your attending physician
thinks a brand-name contraceptive or preventive care drug
is medically necessary, the provider can prescribe that
brand-name medication, and an exception will be granted.
For more information, your physician may call OptumRx
at 844-705-7493.
What is not covered by the
pharmacy benefit
Medications not covered by the pharmacy benefit include
but are not limited to:
• Compound medications, which consist of two or more
ingredients that are measured, prepared or mixed
according to a prescription order. Select compounded
ingredients will not be covered. These may include
ingredients that are not approved by the FDA or are
available over‑the‑counter.
• Over‑the‑counter medication, with the exception of
insulin, when a state does not require a prescription for it.
Certain over‑the‑counter medication are covered as part
of the preventive care benefit under the Affordable Care
Act, when a prescription is provided. See Preventive overthe-counter medications earlier in this chapter for more
information.
• Prescriptions filled at a pharmacy other than a Walmart
or Sam’s Club pharmacy or Walmart Home Delivery
Pharmacy (except as noted).
• Prescriptions filled by a pharmacy that is not an eligible
pharmacy for your medical plan option.
• Prescription drugs that are not included on the formulary.
• Prescription drugs with over‑the‑counter equivalents.
• Prescription drugs purchased through a pharmacy
discount program.
• Drugs for which prior authorization has not been secured,
in cases where prior authorization is required.
• Prescription drug claims that are reduced, subsidized,
or paid by another health plan, insurance provider, or
pharmacy discount program. The AMP does not coordinate
benefits for pharmacy claims.
• Prescription drugs that are dispensed, infused, or injected
during an in‑patient treatment or that are covered by the
AMP as a medical benefit rather than a pharmacy benefit.
This list is not meant to be an all‑inclusive list of excluded
drugs and medications. For questions about excluded
medications, call OptumRx at 844-705-7493.
Pharmacy discounts for prescriptions
not covered
If a prescription is covered by the pharmacy benefit, the
appropriate copay or coinsurance will apply. However, if
the prescription is covered under the AMP but ineligible for
coverage under the pharmacy benefit (e.g., it is being filled
too soon or is prescribed for off-label use), the prescription
will not be covered by the pharmacy benefit and is not
eligible for the pharmacy discount described in this section.
The pharmacy benefit
126
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
If you are enrolled in the AMP, you are eligible for a
pharmacy discount on certain medications not covered by
the pharmacy benefit. The discount varies depending on the
medication prescribed. Prescriptions purchased with the
retail pharmacy discount do not count toward your network
annual deductible or out‑of‑pocket maximum.
To use the pharmacy discount, present your plan ID card
to the pharmacy when you pick up your prescription. If
the prescription is not covered by the pharmacy benefit,
the retail pharmacy will automatically discount the cost
of the drug.
For information, contact OptumRx at 844-705-7493.
Manufacturer assistance and other
discounts or coupons
Discounts, coupons, pharmacy discount programs,
debit cards, or similar arrangements provided by drug
manufacturers or pharmacies to assist you in purchasing
prescription drugs (including any prescription drug
discounts/coupons provided to pharmacies when you
fill a prescription) do not count toward your annual
out‑of‑pocket maximum. In addition, if you have coverage
under the Saver Plan, these charges do not count toward
your annual deductible.
Filing a pharmacy benefit claim
When you fill a prescription at an eligible network pharmacy,
you do not need to file a claim. However, if you are unable
to use your card at a network pharmacy or if you disagree
with the amount you must pay, you can file a claim with
OptumRx. Your claim must be submitted in writing within
18 months of the date you had the prescription filled (or
attempted to have it filled). If the prescription is an eligible
prescription, it will be paid in accordance with the terms of
the pharmacy benefit.
Where the Plan requires prior authorization, you must
file a pre-service claim with OptumRx prior to filling
your prescription.
Call OptumRx at 844-705-7493 for a claim form, or visit
One.Walmart.com. Claims are processed according to the
terms described in the Claims and appeals chapter.
If your claim is denied, you have a right to appeal. Appeals
are processed according to terms described in the Claims
and appeals chapter.
Privacy and security
When you purchase prescription drugs through a Walmart
or Sam’s Club pharmacy, Walmart Home Delivery
Pharmacy, Walmart Specialty Pharmacy, or if eligible, an
OptumRx network pharmacy, your personal and medical
information is kept confidential. All network pharmacies
are covered by and adhere to applicable state and federal
regulations, including the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), which protects the
privacy of personal health information. Walmart values the
trust that our associates place in us. Earning that trust is
consistent with our core value of respect for the individual.
For more information, see HIPAA notice of privacy
practices in the Legal information chapter.
The pharmacy benefit
127
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Health savings
account (HSA)
HSA advantages: tax breaks and Walmart contributions 130
HSA eligibility 130
Opening your HSA 131
Contributions to your HSA 132
Paying qualified medical expenses through your HSA 133
Investing your HSA 134
If you leave the company or are no longer enrolled in the Saver Plan 134
Closing your HSA 134
Health savings account (HSA)
129
Health savings account for Saver Plan participants
If you are enrolled in the Saver Plan and want to save money on qualified medical expenses, the
HSA is a great option. Your HSA contributions are tax-free and the company will match them
dollar-for-dollar, up to set limits. Your account balance earnings are also tax-free and, as the
money grows from year to year, you can use it to pay for current or future medical expenses.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Establish an account or change your
contribution amount
Log on to One.Walmart.com Call People Services at
800-421-1362
Access your HSA Log on to MyHealthEquity.com
If you are logging in for the first time as a
member and have not already established a user
ID and password, click “Create username and
password.”
Call HealthEquity at 866‑296‑2860
HealthEquity is the HSA
administrator and custodian.
Get a list of qualified medical expenses
(I.R.C.§ 213(d))
Get information on contribution
limits, eligibility, and tax reporting
responsibilities associated with an HSA
irs.gov
IRS Publication 502, Medical and Dental Expenses
IRS Publication 969, Health Savings Accounts
and Other Tax-Favored Health Plans
Call HealthEquity at 866-296-2860
or contact your tax advisor
What you need to know about the HSA
• You must be enrolled in the Saver Plan to open and contribute to an HSA through this program.
• The company will match on a pretax basis each dollar you contribute, up to the matching limit.
• The HSA allows you to pay for qualified medical expenses (as defined by the IRS) with tax-free dollars.
• The HSA accepts rollover contributions from other eligible HSAs.
• You are not eligible to make HSA contributions for any month in which you travel on company business outside the
U.S. and are covered under GeoBlue international business travel medical insurance, which provides health benefits
for associates traveling internationally on business. Consult your tax advisor if you have questions about the amount to
reduce your contributions based on your individual circumstances.
• The health savings account is offered through HealthEquity.
Health savings account (HSA)
130
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
HSA advantages: tax breaks and
Walmart contributions
If you are enrolled in the Saver Plan, the HSA offers you:
• Company contributions to your HSA to match your pretax
contributions, dollar-for-dollar up to the matching limit.
• The ability to contribute pretax dollars to your HSA
through payroll deductions.
• The ability to roll over funds from prior HSAs.
• The ability to pay for qualified medical expenses with
tax‑free dollars through the account, including easy access
to the money in your account using the debit card you will
receive from HealthEquity. You can also access the funds in
your account by logging in to MyHealthEquity.com.
HealthEquity is the HSA administrator/custodian with
which the company has contracted to receive HSA
contributions made through payroll deductions and
matching contributions from the company. To receive
company matching contributions to your HSA or make
pretax contributions through payroll deductions, you must
maintain an open account with HealthEquity and continue
to be enrolled in the Saver Plan. If you have an HSA with
another custodian, the company will not allow you to make
pretax contributions through payroll deductions for that
HSA or make matching contributions to that HSA. You may
move your funds to another HSA custodian at any time, but
the company will support ongoing payroll deductions and
provide company matching contributions only for HSAs
established with HealthEquity.
Interest earnings and capital gains on the balance in your
account are not taxed during the period in which the funds
remain in your account. In addition, all HSA funds withdrawn
for qualified medical expenses are tax-free.
You will have the opportunity to invest your account balance
once that balance reaches a certain amount. Investments
are not guaranteed or FDIC-insured.
The balance in your HSA rolls over from year to year,
increasing your savings for future medical expenses. You
own the balance in your account, and can save it, invest it in
funds offered through HealthEquity, or spend it on qualified
medical expenses.
NOTE: State tax law with respect to HSAs may differ
from federal tax law in certain states, including California
and New Jersey, which do not exempt HSA contributions
from state income tax. Please consult your tax advisor or
HealthEquity if you have questions about either the federal
or state tax implications of a health savings account.
HSA eligibility
You must be enrolled in the Saver Plan to contribute to an
HSA through this program. The Saver Plan is a qualified
high‑deductible health plan (HDHP) subject to ERISA and
to requirements of federal law that allow you to contribute
to an HSA. The company does not, however, insure the HSA
described in this chapter. It is the company’s intention to
comply with U.S. Department of Labor guidance specifying
that an HSA is not subject to ERISA when the employer’s
involvement with the HSA is limited. Accordingly, the HSA is
not established or administered by the company or the Plan.
Instead, the HSA is established by you during the benefits
enrollment process and administered by HealthEquity.
Even if you are enrolled in the Saver Plan, you are not
eligible to make HSA contributions if:
• You are covered under any other health plan that is not a
qualified high‑deductible health plan, including a general
purpose health care flexible spending account (FSA) or
health reimbursement account (HRA). This also includes
a general purpose FSA or HRA of a spouse or other
family member under which you have coverage. There
are some exceptions for “limited purpose” FSAs/HRAs,
which can be used for dental or vision or preventive care
coverage only; “post‑deductible” FSAs/HRAs, which
provide coverage only after you satisfy the deductible
under an HDHP; some disease‑specific coverage; dental,
vision, long‑term care, and disability coverage; accident
policies such as critical illness insurance and accident
insurance, and others. However, if you are enrolled in the
Saver Plan and also enrolled in critical illness insurance
offered under the Plan, you are not eligible for the major
organ transplant rider under the critical illness insurance
due to IRS guidance suggesting that such coverage would
be viewed as non-high‑deductible health plan coverage.
For information, contact HealthEquity by phone at
866-296-2860 or online at MyHealthEquity.com.
• You are enrolled in Medicare.
• You are enrolled in Medicaid.
• You are covered under TRICARE.
• You have received medical services from the U.S.
Department of Veterans Affairs during the preceding
three months, other than benefits for preventive care or a
service-connected disability. Mere eligibility for Veterans
Affairs benefits does not disqualify you from contributing
to an HSA.
• You have received medical services at an Indian Health
Service (IHS) facility during the preceding three months.
• You can be claimed as a dependent on another person’s
tax return.
Health savings account (HSA)
131
You are also not eligible to make HSA contributions
for any month in which you are traveling on company
business outside the U.S. and are covered under GeoBlue
international business travel medical insurance, which
provides health coverage for associates traveling
internationally on business. Consult your tax advisor if
you have questions about the amount to reduce your
contributions based on your individual circumstances.
Other restrictions may apply. For further information,
please call HealthEquity at 866-296-2860. You are
responsible for determining if you are eligible for an HSA.
Your dependent’s status does not affect your ability to
contribute to an HSA. For example, your covered spouse/
partner’s Medicare status will not affect your ability to
contribute to an HSA.
During the Plan year, you may be required to confirm
account eligibility to continue contributions (for example,
if you become Medicare‑eligible because of your age,
you may be asked to verify that you have not enrolled in
Medicare). In certain cases, Medicare enrollment can be
retroactive (such as if you delay your enrollment past age
65) and, if that occurs, you will also lose eligibility to make
HSA contributions retroactively. If you are eligible for, or
are enrolling in, Medicare, you should carefully evaluate
your participation in the HSA to avoid penalties for
excess contributions.
If you make or receive an ineligible contribution to your
HSA, excise taxes may apply unless you remove the
contribution by certain deadlines. For more information
about Medicare, HSA eligibility, or how to correct
ineligible contributions, contact your tax advisor or review
IRS Publication 969, Health Savings Accounts and Other
Tax-Favored Health Plans. You can also call 800 Medicare
(800-633-4227), or visit medicare.gov.
Opening your HSA
When you enroll online in the Saver Plan, you choose the
amount you want to contribute to your HSA through payroll
deductions. You may change your contribution amount at
any time. See Setting up or changing your contribution
amount later in this chapter.
You will receive a welcome kit at the home address that
the company has in its records directly from HealthEquity,
generally within the following time frames:
• By the end of December if you enroll during Annual
Enrollment, or
• Within two to three weeks after your HSA is opened if you
enroll at any other time.
Your debit card will be included within the welcome kit.
Activate your debit card online at MyHealthEquity.com or
by calling HealthEquity at 866-296-2860.
No pretax contributions or employer matching
contributions will be deposited to your HSA until it is open
and your Saver Plan coverage is effective. Your account will
not be considered open until you have successfully passed
the customer identification process required to open an
HSA. If HealthEquity requires additional information to
complete this process, it will contact you.
Once HealthEquity confirms that your account is open and
you have completed your HSA election online, your pretax
contributions and the company’s matching contributions will
begin the following pay period. If any pretax contributions
or employer matching contributions are made before your
HSA is open, HealthEquity will hold those contributions
and deposit them into your HSA when it is open. If your
account is not opened within a reasonable amount of time,
the funds withheld from your pay will be refunded to you
through your payroll check (less applicable payroll taxes)
and reported as wages on your Form W-2. The employer
contribution, if any, will be returned to the company.
Your right to receive company matching contributions to
your HSA is contingent upon your opening your HSA in a
timely manner, and company matching contributions will
not be earned or available unless you have opened your
HSA in a timely manner. If you do not open your HSA by
December 1 of the Plan year, you will forfeit your right to
the company’s matching contributions for that year, even if
you are enrolled in the Saver Plan during that year.
For questions about your account status, welcome kit, or
debit card, call HealthEquity at 866-296-2860 or go online
to MyHealthEquity.com.
To transfer funds from a prior HSA, contact HealthEquity
at 866-296-2860.
HSA FEES
The company pays the monthly HSA maintenance fees if
you are enrolled in the Saver Plan and your HSA custodian
is HealthEquity. However, if you are enrolled in COBRA,
terminate employment with the company, otherwise
become ineligible for AMP coverage, or are no longer
enrolled in the Saver Plan, you will be responsible for paying
the monthly maintenance fees. These fees will be deducted
automatically from your HSA balance if any of these events
occur. Call HealthEquity at 866-296-2860 to learn about
the fees for various HSA services. It is your responsibility
to check your HSA balance prior to using funds to pay for
services. Current rate and fee schedules are available online
at MyHealthEquity.com. The fee schedule is also included in
the welcome kit.
Health savings account (HSA)
132
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The company does not pay overdraft fees, excess
contribution fees, or lost card fees. The company also does
not contribute funds or pay any fees associated with an
HSA for your spouse or partner enrolled in the Saver Plan
through your family coverage.
HSA STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION
Your right to receive a statement regarding your
HealthEquity HSA balance and other information regarding
your HealthEquity HSA is governed by the terms of the
HealthEquity custodial agreement. To review information
regarding your HSA, including the HealthEquity custodial
agreement, please go to MyHealthEquity.com.
Contributions to your HSA
Once you open your HSA, contributions to your HSA will be
made under the following terms (as long as your account is
open and you are enrolled in the Saver Plan):
• You may make pretax contributions to your HSA through
payroll deductions in any amount (of $5 or more each
pay period) up to the legal limit, taking into account the
company’s contributions. Contributions are generally
based annually on 26 pay periods.
• The company will match your pretax contributions
dollar‑for-dollar, up to the matching limit described in
the chart below.
• Pretax contributions and company matching contributions
are deposited into your HSA shortly after each payroll
deduction period ends.
• In addition to making pretax contributions by payroll
deduction, you may contribute money directly to your
HSA by mailing a check to HealthEquity, or by electronic
funds transfer (EFT) once you have linked a personal
bank account on the HealthEquity website. Any such
contributions count toward the contribution limit stated
in the chart below. These personal contributions are made
on an after‑tax basis and are not eligible for the company
matching contribution. Although you may be able to claim
an income tax deduction for contributions made directly to
your HSA, there is no corresponding deduction for Social
Security or Medicare taxes that may have been imposed
on the funds used to make the direct contributions. (By
comparison, pretax contributions made through payroll
deductions are exempt from Social Security and Medicare
taxes, as well as federal income tax and, in many cases, state
income tax.) The company does not track your after‑tax
HSA contributions; you bear the responsibility of making
sure you do not exceed the annual contribution limit.
• If your requested HSA contribution for a specific pay
period exceeds the amount of your paycheck after
deductions, no pretax contribution or company match will
be made to your HSA for that pay period.
• With respect to your final paycheck, your HSA pretax
contributions and corresponding company match may be
reduced because of state law restrictions on salary reduction
or because your requested HSA contribution exceeds the
net amount of your payroll check after deductions.
If you experience an election change event and switch
from associate‑only coverage to family coverage under
the Saver Plan during the year, the company will increase
its matching contribution to correspond with the matching
contribution limit for family coverage. If you switch from
family coverage to associate‑only coverage during the year,
the matching contributions that the company made prior to
the change will not be reduced. If this results in your having
contributions in your account above the annual contribution
limit, the excess contributions must be withdrawn by the
tax‑filing deadline to avoid additional taxes.
ANNUAL CONTRIBUTION LIMITS
By law, there is a maximum amount that may be contributed
to your HSA during the year. The annual maximum
contribution is the total contribution from all sources
(pretax and after-tax contributions made by you and any
company matching contributions). For 2023, the maximum
annual contribution that can be made to your HSA is:
• $3,850 for individual coverage, or
• $7,750 for family coverage.
These amounts are indexed annually by the federal
government and are subject to change each year. You
can consult IRS Publication 969 for the indexed amounts
applicable to a particular year.
YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS AND THE COMPANY’S CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE HSA
Your Saver Plan network
annual deductible
Company matching contribution:
$1 for $1 up to
2023 maximum annual contribution
(associate and company contributions combined)*
$3,000 (associate-only coverage) $350 $3,850
$6,000 (family coverage) $700 $7,750
*If you are age 55 or over by 12/31/2023, you can contribute an additional $1,000 in 2023.
Health savings account (HSA)
133
your partner is age 55 or older in 2023, the maximum
contribution is increased by $1,000 for each participant age
55 or older, but this extra $1,000 can only be contributed
by each partner to their own individual HSA. The company
does not contribute funds or pay any fees associated with
an HSA for your partner.
Call HealthEquity at 866-296-2860 for information on
opening an HSA for your eligible spouse/partner.
EARNING INTEREST ON YOUR HEALTH
SAVINGS ACCOUNT
The uninvested balance in your HSA earns interest.
For interest rate information on your account, contact
HealthEquity at 866-296-2860 or go online to
MyHealthEquity.com. Your current interest earned,
along with the interest rate schedule, is available on
your monthly statements.
SETTING UP OR CHANGING YOUR
CONTRIBUTION AMOUNT
You may change your contribution amount online at any
time during the year on a prospective basis.
To set up or change your contribution amount, log on to
One.Walmart.com. Contact People Services at 800-421-1362
if you need help setting up your payroll deductions.
NOTE: Once you make the maximum annual contribution
(as stated in the chart on the previous page), your payroll
contributions automatically cease. It is your responsibility
to make a new contribution decision at the next Annual
Enrollment for the following calendar year.
Paying qualified medical expenses
through your HSA
When you have an eligible medical expense, you can decide
whether to pay out of your pocket or use the funds in your
HSA. Some people use their HSA for current expenses,
while others prefer to use the HSA as an account for
future health care expenses. Eligible medical include
health plan deductibles and coinsurance, most medical
care and services, dental and vision care, prescription
drugs, and over-the-counter drugs. In addition, amounts
paid for certain menstrual care products such as tampons
and pads are eligible medical expenses. These expenses
must not already be covered by your medical plan, and
health insurance premiums generally do not qualify. Only
medical expenses incurred after you have established an
HSA are eligible for payment or reimbursement through
an HSA. Refer to IRS Publications 969 and 502 at irs.gov
for information about qualified medical expenses. You can
also find information about qualified medical expenses on
One.Walmart.com and MyHealthEquity.com.
Your maximum annual HSA contribution may be lower
than the maximum set by law if there are any months
during the year for which you are not HSA-eligible. You
are HSA-eligible for a month if you have qualifying highdeductible health coverage on the first day of the month
(such as coverage through the Saver Plan) and you do not
have any disqualifying health coverage on the first day of
the month (such as coverage under Medicare or a “low
deductible” health plan). If you are not HSA-eligible for one
or more months during the year, your maximum annual HSA
contribution is prorated for the number of months that you
are HSA-eligible. For example, if you are only HSA-eligible
for nine months of the year, your maximum annual HSA
contribution is 9/12 (75%) of the annual maximum set by law.
You are responsible for determining your maximum annual
HSA contribution.
It is important to monitor contributions to your HSA—there
are adverse tax consequences if your contributions exceed
the annual limit. Changes in coverage during the year or
enrollment after the beginning of the year can affect your
contribution limits. If you become aware during the year
that combined contributions to your HSA exceed the annual
limit, you can withdraw the excess contribution and the
related interest earnings before your income tax return for
the year is due (including extensions). For assistance and
information, call HealthEquity at 866-296-2860.
IF YOU ARE AGE 55 OR OLDER
If you are age 55 or older in 2023, you can make additional
“catch up” contributions to your HSA by payroll deduction,
just like your regular contribution. For 2023, the
catch‑up contribution limit is $1,000. Call HealthEquity at
866-296-2860 for information.
IF YOU HAVE FAMILY COVERAGE
If you also cover your spouse under the Saver Plan and you
are legally married, you are both eligible to contribute to
individual HSAs, but the contribution limit for 2023 for both
accounts combined is based on the maximum amount that
can be contributed for a family: $7,750. This limit can be
shared between you and your spouse in any way you agree.
If either you or your spouse is age 55 or older in 2023, the
total combined contribution is increased by $1,000 for each
participant age 55 or older. However, the extra $1,000 can
only be contributed by each spouse to their own individual
HSA. The company does not contribute funds or pay any
fees associated with an HSA for your spouse.
If you cover an eligible partner under the Saver Plan and
you are not legally married, you and your partner are each
eligible to contribute to individual HSAs up to the maximum
family contribution limit of $7,750 (provided that neither
you nor your partner can be claimed as a tax dependent
on any individual’s federal tax return). If either you or 
Health savings account (HSA)
134
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
THE HSA AND YOUR INCOME TAX RETURN
The funds in your HSA belong to you, but any money used
for nonqualified medical expenses is subject to federal
income tax as well as a 20% penalty if you are under age
65. Make sure you save your receipts and other records
to show that you used your HSA funds for eligible medical
expenses. Remember that you are responsible for the
tax consequences associated with contributions to and
withdrawals from your HSA. Consult your tax advisor if
you have questions about your HSA and taxes.
Investing your HSA
Once your HSA reaches a minimum balance of $1,000, you
can invest any amount over that balance in a selection of
over 20 investment funds available through HealthEquity.
Review the funds and learn more at MyHealthEquity.com
under “Investments.” You are responsible for your own
investment decisions. Amounts that are invested are not
guaranteed or FDIC-insured and may lose value.
If you leave the company or are no
longer enrolled in the Saver Plan
The funds in your HSA belong to you as the account
holder, even if you enroll in COBRA, change medical plans,
change jobs, or leave the company. In these events, all fees
associated with the account become your responsibility.
Closing your HSA
All funds in your HSA belong to you. You may use these
funds for qualified medical expenses on a tax-free basis
now and in the future. If you do not choose to maintain the
account, call HealthEquity at 866-296-2860 for information
on closing your account. If you withdraw funds from your
HSA upon closing the HSA, you may be subject to taxes on
the withdrawn amounts.
Health savings account (HSA)
135
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Your dental plan 138
How the dental plan works 138
Filing a dental claim 139
What is covered under the dental plan 140
Limited benefits 143
What is not covered under the dental plan 143
Break in coverage 144
When dental coverage ends 144
If you leave the company and are rehired 145
The dental plan
The information in this chapter describes dental benefits that may
be available to you if:
• You are an eligible hourly, temporary, part-time truck driver, or salaried (management) associate
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements, and
• You have enrolled in a timely manner.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
The dental plan
137
The dental plan
The dental plan covers a wide range of services, with no deductible for preventive care or
orthodontics. Plus, when you use network dentists, you’ll save money while protecting one of your
biggest assets—your smile.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Get a listing of Delta Dental
network dentists
Go to One.Walmart.com or
deltadentalar.com
Call Delta Dental at 800-462-5410
or People Services at 800-421-1362
Get answers to questions
about your dental claims
and to contact Delta Dental
Customer Service
Go to deltadentalar.com and select
“Login/Register” to create your account
Call Delta Dental at 800-462-5410
Get a claim form if you use a
nonparticipating dentist
Go to One.Walmart.com or
deltadentalar.com
What you need to know about the dental plan
• If you are an eligible associate, you may purchase dental coverage to assist with preventive, basic, and major
dental care as well as with orthodontia expenses. See the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for
information on eligibility.
• Delta Dental of Arkansas administers the dental plan benefit.
• Once you meet the dental plan’s annual deductible, the dental plan pays benefits of up to $2,500 per covered person
per calendar year and a lifetime maximum orthodontia benefit of $1,500 per covered person. The annual deductible
does not apply for preventive and diagnostic services or orthodontia.
• Dental plan coverage must remain in effect for two full calendar years.
• Orthodontia is covered after a 12-month waiting period.
• If you have medical coverage with the Associates’ Medical Plan (AMP), both the dental and medical information are on
your plan ID card. If you are enrolled in an HMO or if you have dental-only coverage, you will receive a Delta Dental ID
card. Your ID cards will be mailed to your home address on record at Walmart.
The dental plan
138
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Your dental plan
The dental plan is available to you if you are an hourly
or management associate. Coverage is also available
to your eligible dependents, with the exception of
spouses/partners of part-time associates, temporary
associates, and part‑time truck drivers. The dental plan
is administered through Delta Dental.
The dental plan benefit is self-insured, which means
benefits are not paid by an insurance company.
Delta Dental administers the dental plan and has been
delegated the fiduciary authority to make determinations
with respect to claims for benefits and the first-level
appeal of a claim that has been denied.
Once you enroll in the dental plan, your coverage must
remain in effect for two full calendar years. You can add or
remove a dependent during Annual Enrollment or due to
an election change event, but you must maintain a minimum
of associate-only coverage for two full calendar years.
CHOOSING A COVERAGE TIER
When you enroll in the dental plan, you also select the
eligible family members you wish to cover:
• Associate only
• Associate + spouse/partner (except for part-time hourly
associates, temporary associates, or part-time truck drivers)
• Associate + child(ren), or
• Associate + family (except for part-time hourly associates,
temporary associates, or part-time truck drivers).
For information on dependent eligibility and when
dependents can be enrolled, see the Eligibility, enrollment,
and effective dates chapter.
How the dental plan works
The dental plan covers four types of dental services:
• Preventive and diagnostic care coverage includes oral
examinations and cleanings and related services. You do not
have to meet the annual deductible before the dental plan
covers these services. Charges you incur for preventive and
diagnostic care, if any, do not apply toward your deductible.
• Basic care coverage includes fillings, nonsurgical
periodontics, and root canal therapy, and begins after you
meet the annual deductible.
• Major care coverage includes surgical periodontics,
crowns, and dentures, and begins after you meet the
annual deductible.
• Orthodontia coverage begins after an individual receiving
orthodontia services has been covered under the dental
plan for 12 months; you do not have to meet the annual
deductible before receiving orthodontia benefits.
Charges you incur for orthodontia care do not apply
toward your deductible.
NOTE: The 12-month waiting period for orthodontia
coverage is waived for:
• Localized associates and their covered dependents, and
• Enrolled participants who have previously met their full
waiting period.
COVERAGE UNDER THE DENTAL PLAN
Annual deductible
Waived for preventive and diagnostic care and
orthodontia care
$75 per person/$225 per family
Maximum benefit
Does not apply to orthodontia care
$2,500 per covered person per calendar year
Delta Dental
PPO dentists
Delta Dental
Premier dentists
Non-network
dentists
Preventive and diagnostic care
Charges (if any) do not count toward
annual deductible
100% covered; no annual
deductible applies
80% covered;* no annual
deductible applies
80% of maximum
plan allowance; no
annual deductible *In areas served by an insufficient number of PPO
dentists, as determined by facility location, services are
covered at 100%. Go to One.Walmart.com for details.
Basic care
Including fillings, non-surgical periodontics, and
root canal therapy
80% of maximum plan allowance after annual deductible is met
Major care
Including surgical periodontics, crowns, and dentures
50% of maximum plan allowance after annual deductible is met
Orthodontia (12-month wait)
Charges do not count toward annual deductible
or maximum benefit
80% of maximum plan allowance up to $1,500 lifetime maximum orthodontia
benefit per person; no annual deductible applies
The dental plan
139
After you meet the annual deductible (if applicable) and
complete any applicable waiting period, the dental plan pays
a percentage of the maximum plan allowance (MPA) for
covered expenses.
MAXIMUM PLAN ALLOWANCE (MPA)
The MPA is the maximum amount the dental plan pays for
covered dental services. The MPA applies to network and
out-of-network dental services.
For covered network services, the MPA is that portion of a
provider’s charges covered by the dental plan as determined
by the provider’s contract with Delta Dental of Arkansas.
Network providers agree to accept an amount negotiated
by Delta Dental for covered services as payment in full,
subject to applicable deductible and coinsurance amounts.
For covered out-of-network services, the MPA can differ
by state and is derived from a variety of factors, including
data from fees on claims and fee filings submitted by the
dentist. If you see a non-network dental provider, the dental
plan pays a percentage based on the lesser of the MPA or
the provider’s actual billed charges for a covered procedure.
If the provider’s billed charges exceed the Plan’s MPA,
you are responsible for paying 100% of the difference. For
additional information, call Delta Dental at 800-462-5410.
KNOW WHAT YOU’LL OWE:
GET A PRETREATMENT ESTIMATE
You are not required to get pre-approval of any dental
treatments. But by having your dentist submit a proposed
treatment plan, you can learn how much you can expect the
dental plan to pay for a procedure or course of treatment
before the work is done. It is recommended that a proposed
treatment plan be submitted for treatment expected to
cost $800 or more. Delta Dental will provide a pretreatment
estimate of the amount that will be covered and may
suggest an alternate treatment plan if part of your dentist’s
treatment plan is ineligible for coverage.
To get a pretreatment estimate, ask your dentist to
complete a regular dental claim form and check the
“predetermination” box. The form should be mailed to:
Delta Dental of Arkansas
P.O. Box 15965
Little Rock, Arkansas 72231-5965
Delta Dental’s pretreatment estimate is not a guarantee
of payment. You still must file a claim for the services
rendered, as set out in the Claims and appeals chapter.
SAVE MONEY BY USING NETWORK DENTISTS
As a dental plan participant, you can use any dentist and
receive benefits for covered expenses under the Plan.
You will save money, however, when you use Delta Dental
PPO and Premier dentists. Providers contracted with
Delta Dental agree to accept the dental plan’s maximum
plan allowance as payment in full for a covered procedure,
so you pay no more than the dental plan’s applicable
coinsurance percentage (after you meet any applicable
annual deductible). In addition, you may save time when you
use Delta Dental PPO or Premier dentists because they will
file your claims for you.
The Delta Dental PPO network is an extensive nationwide
network of dentists, but is not as widely available as the
Delta Dental Premier network. Refer to the chart entitled
Coverage under the Dental Plan earlier in this chapter for
details on how coverage terms for preventive and diagnostic
care may differ based on the availability of PPO dentists
in your area. To find a Delta Dental PPO or Delta Dental
Premier dentist, see Dental plan resources at the beginning
of this chapter.
IT PAYS TO USE NETWORK DENTISTS
Delta Dental
Premier dentists
and PPO dentists
Non-network
dentists
Dentist files claim
forms for you
Yes No
Dentist accepts
maximum plan
allowance as payment
in full, subject to
annual deductible
and coinsurance
Yes No
Dentist offers
discounted prices on
services covered by the
dental plan for Delta
Dental participants
Yes No
Filing a dental claim
If you use a Delta Dental PPO or Premier dentist, your
dentist will file the claim for you. If you use a non-network
dentist, you may need to file a claim. The dentist may be
paid directly from the dental plan if the dentist is a Delta
Dental PPO or Premier dentist. If you use a non-network
dentist, the payment will be made to you.
Mail your claim to:
Delta Dental of Arkansas
P.O. Box 15965
Little Rock, Arkansas 72231-5965
You or your dental provider must file a claim in accordance
with the claims procedure within 18 months from date of
service, or your claim will be denied. Not following the 
The dental plan
140
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
claims procedure described in the Claims and appeals
chapter, such as failure to mail your claim to the correct
address, may result in the denial of your claim.
Claims are determined under the time frames and
requirements set out in the Claims and appeals chapter.
You have the right to appeal a claim denial.
IF YOU HAVE COVERAGE UNDER MORE THAN
ONE DENTAL PLAN
If you or a family member have coverage under the dental
plan and are also covered under another dental plan (for
example, your spouse/partner’s company plan), coordination
of benefits may apply. The dental plan has the right to
coordinate with other plans you are covered under so the
total dental benefits payable will not exceed the level of
benefits otherwise payable under the dental plan.
When you are covered by more than one plan, one of the
plans is designated the primary plan. The primary plan
pays first and ignores benefits payable under other plans
when determining benefits. Any other plan is designated
as a secondary plan that pays benefits after the primary
plan. A secondary plan reduces its benefits by the amount
of benefits payable under “other plans” and may limit the
benefits it pays.
You must follow the primary insurance terms in order for
the dental plan to pay as secondary payer.
These rules apply whether or not a claim is made under the
other plan. If a claim is not made, benefits under the dental
plan will be delayed or denied until an explanation of benefits
is received showing a claim made with the primary plan.
HOW THE DENTAL PLAN COORDINATES WITH
OTHER PLANS
Example 1 Example 2 Example 3
If another plan
pays primary at:
80% 80% 0%
And the dental
plan’s payment is:
80% 100% 80%
The dental plan’s
total benefit is:
0% 20% 80%
DETERMINING WHICH PLAN IS PRIMARY
A plan without a coordinating provision is always primary.
The dental plan has a coordinating provision. If all plans have
a coordinating provision, the following provisions apply:
• The plan covering the participant for whom the claim is
made, other than as a dependent, pays first and the other
plan pays second.
• For dependent children’s claims, the plan of the parent
whose birthday occurs earlier in the calendar year is primary.
• When the birthdays of both parents are on the same day,
the plan that has covered the dependent for the longer
period of time is primary.
• When the parents of a dependent child are divorced
or separated, or the domestic partnership or legal
relationship is terminated, and the parent with custody has
not remarried, that parent’s plan is primary.
• When the parent with custody has remarried, or entered
into a domestic partnership with another individual, that
parent’s plan is primary, the stepparent’s plan pays second,
and the plan of the parent without custody pays last.
• When there is a court decree that establishes financial
responsibility for the health care expenses of the child,
the plan that covers the parent with financial responsibility
is primary.
• If these rules do not establish an order of benefit
determination, the plan that has covered the participant
for whom the claim is made for the longest period of time
is primary.
If you are covered under a right of continuation coverage
pursuant to federal or state law (for example, COBRA),
and you are also covered under another plan that covers
you as an employee, member subscriber, or retiree (or as
that person’s dependent), the latter plan is primary and the
continuation coverage is secondary. If the other plan does
not have this rule, and the plans do not agree on the order
of benefits, this rule does not apply.
What is covered under
the dental plan
The dental plan covers the services listed in this section,
subject to some limitations. If you have questions about
what is covered under the dental plan, call Delta Dental
at 800-462-5410.
PREVENTIVE AND DIAGNOSTIC CARE
Preventive and diagnostic care are covered without having
to meet the annual deductible.
Bitewing X-rays: Limited to four per calendar year.
Combined with panoramic X-ray if done by same provider
on same day and processed as a full mouth series. Limited to
two films per visit for children under age 10.
Cleaning (dental prophylaxis): One prophylaxis, including
cleaning, scaling and polishing of the teeth, is covered
twice during a calendar year. Two additional cleanings
are allowed during a pregnancy and up to three months
following delivery. Two additional cleanings are allowed for
heart disease, diabetes, and periodontal disease. Additional
periodontal maintenance (up to four per calendar year)
allowed for periodontal disease. The additional benefit may
not be combined for a patient with more than one of the
above conditions.
The dental plan
141
Fluoride treatment: Covered once in any consecutive
12-month period for participants under age 19. One
additional application per calendar year is covered for
eligible dependents under age 19 who are identified at
moderate or high risk (as defined by the American Dental
Association’s Dental Procedure Codes) for developing
caries. Application of silver diamine fluoride is covered
two times per calendar year per tooth. Restorations within
two months of a silver diamine fluoride application are
not covered. Sealants and preventive restorations are not
covered if silver diamine fluoride has been applied to the
tooth. Silver diamine fluoride is not covered on the same
day as a restoration of the same tooth.
Full-mouth debridement: Limited to once per lifetime.
Full-mouth series or panoramic X-rays: Limited to
one procedure in any consecutive 60-month period.
A full‑mouth series is any combination of 14 or more
periapical and/or bitewing X-rays taken on the same date.
If the combination of separately billed intraoral images
(i.e., bitewings and periapicals) equals or exceeds the
number of films allowed for a full mouth series, the charges
for the images will be combined and deemed to comprise
a full mouth series. A benefit is paid only if no other full
mouth series or panoramic radiographic image has been
paid during the preceding 60 consecutive months.
Oral evaluations: Benefits are payable as follows:
• Routine oral evaluation: Two evaluations covered during
a calendar year.
• Comprehensive detailed oral evaluation or periodontal
evaluation: Initial comprehensive oral evaluation are
payable subject to the routine oral evaluation time
limitations. Subsequent oral evaluations submitted by the
same provider within three years are processed as routine
oral evaluations.
Emergency evaluations performed by dentists are not
subject to the calendar year restriction.
Periapical X-rays: Covered as needed.
Preventive resin restoration: Covered for first and second
permanent molars with unrestored occlusal surface for
participants under age 19. Limited to one treatment per
tooth every five years.
Pulp vitality tests: Covered if same provider does no other
definitive procedure the same day.
Risk assessment: Covered once every three-year period for
children age 3 through age 18.
Sealant repair: Covered for first and second permanent
molars with unrestored occlusal surface for participants
under age 16. Not covered during the first 24 months of the
initial placement of the sealant. Limited to one treatment
per tooth every 24 months. Not covered when the tooth has
previously received a preventive resin restoration.
Sealants: Covered for first and second permanent molars
with unrestored occlusal surface for participants under
age 16. Limited to one treatment per tooth per lifetime.
Not covered when the tooth has previously received a
preventive resin restoration.
Space maintainers: Covered for participants age 13 and
under. Limited to one appliance per space (quad/arch)
extraction site in any consecutive 60-month period. Repair
of a space maintainer is not covered.
BASIC CARE
After you meet the annual deductible, the Plan pays 80% of
the maximum plan allowance for basic care.
Amalgam and composite resin fillings: Benefits are payable
once per tooth surface in any consecutive 24-month period.
Endodontics: Includes pulp therapy and root canal therapy.
See Root canal therapy in Major care below.
Extractions: Nonsurgical extractions are covered once
per tooth.
Nonsurgical periodontics: Provided once per quadrant in
any consecutive 24-month period.
Occlusal orthotic device (TMJ appliance): Benefits are
payable once every five years. Adjustments within six
months are not covered. One adjustment covered per
year thereafter.
Periodontal maintenance: Periodontal maintenance is
covered only if done 30 days or more after the completion
of surgical or nonsurgical periodontal treatment. Thereafter,
periodontal maintenance is allowed up to four times per
calendar year. This benefit is combined with any routine
cleanings performed during the same calendar year with a
combined limitation of four for that year.
MAJOR CARE
After you meet the annual deductible, the Plan pays 50% of
the maximum plan allowance for major care.
Anesthesia/general anesthetics and IV sedation: Covered
only when provided in the following circumstances:
• The patient suffers from a medical condition that prevents
him or her from holding still (including but not limited to
dystonia, Parkinson’s disease, autism)
• The patient is under age 4, or
• In connection with certain covered oral surgical procedures.
Complete and partial removable dentures and partial
fixed bridges: Covered when the denture or bridge is the
professionally accepted, standard course of treatment.
• Includes replacement or addition of teeth to dentures,
partials, or fixed bridgework.
The dental plan
142
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
• When alternate treatment plans are available, the dental
plan covers the professionally accepted, standard course
of treatment. For example, a bridge is allowed only
when a partial denture will not suffice. See Alternative
treatment plans in Limited benefits later in this chapter.
• Full or partial or removable dentures or fixed bridges are
not payable for patients under the age of 16.
• A denture that replaces another denture or fixed bridge, or
a fixed bridge that replaces another fixed bridge, is covered
only if the existing denture, partial denture, or fixed bridge
is at least five years old and cannot be repaired.
Crowns, cast restorations, inlays, onlays, and veneers:
Covered only when the tooth cannot be restored by
amalgam or composite resin filling.
• Replacement is not covered unless the existing crown, cast
restoration, inlay, onlay, or veneer is more than five years
old and cannot be repaired.
 NOTE: Accidents as a result of biting or chewing are not an
exception to the five-year wait for crown replacements.
• For participants under age 12, benefits for crowns on vital
teeth are limited to resin or stainless steel crowns unless
there is a history of root canal therapy or recession of
the pulp.
• Treatment is determined according to the alternate
treatment plan limitation. See Alternative treatment plans
in Limited benefits later in this chapter.
Implants: Surgical placement of an implant body is covered
once in every five-consecutive-year period.
• The abutment to support a crown is covered once in every
five-consecutive-year period.
• An implant or abutment-supported retainer is covered
once in every five-consecutive-year period.
• An implant maintenance procedure is covered once in any
12-consecutive-month period.
• Implant removal is covered once in a lifetime per tooth.
Implants are not payable for patients under the age of 16.
Occlusal adjustment (limited): Covered only if done
six months or more after completion of initial restorative,
prosthodontic and implant procedures that include the
occlusal surface.
Oral surgery: Surgical extractions and extractions of wisdom
teeth, including preoperative and postoperative care, except
for those services covered under the Associates’ Medical Plan.
Oral sedation and/or nitrous oxide (analgesia) are not covered.
If oral surgery is performed in a hospital setting, the dental
plan covers oral surgeon fees for such services for covered
individuals not enrolled in the Associates’ Medical Plan.
Outpatient or inpatient hospital costs and additional fees
charged by the dentist for hospital treatment: See Hospital
charges in What is not covered under the dental plan later
in this chapter.
Root canal therapy: Includes bacteriological cultures,
diagnostic tests, local anesthesia, and routine follow-up
care. Payable once per tooth.
• Therapeutic pulpotomy is payable once per tooth until
age 21.
• Retreatment of a previous root canal is allowed once in a
consecutive 24-month period.
Surgical periodontics: Treatment of the gums—osseous
surgery/soft tissue graft, provided in the same area once in
any consecutive 36-month period.
ORTHODONTIA
After you have been a participant in the dental plan for
12 months, you are eligible for orthodontia assistance for
yourself (the associate). Each of your covered dependents
must also participate in the dental plan for 12 months
before becoming eligible for orthodontia assistance. If
your (or your covered dependent’s) coverage ends for
any reason and you or your covered dependent reenroll
after having met the 12-month eligibility waiting period,
your prior time enrolled for coverage will count toward
the 12‑month waiting period. If your (or your covered
dependent’s) coverage ends for any reason and you or
your dependent had not met the 12-month waiting period
prior to reenrollment, the 12-month waiting period will
start over.
NOTE: The 12-month waiting period for orthodontia
coverage is waived for:
• Localized associates and their covered dependents, and
• Enrolled participants who have previously met their full
12-month waiting period.
If the dentist submits a statement at the beginning of a period
of orthodontic treatment showing a single charge for the
entire treatment, benefits are paid in the following manner:
• The dentist receives an initial payment of up to $150
• A prorated portion of the remainder is paid every three
months based on the estimated period for treatment and
on continued eligibility, and
• The amount and number of payments are subject to
change if the charge or treatment period changes.
The dental plan covers only orthodontic treatment that
begins after the covered individual becomes eligible for
orthodontia assistance. Active orthodontic treatment is
deemed started on the date the active appliances are first
placed. Active orthodontic treatment is deemed completed
on the earlier of:
• The date on which treatment is voluntarily discontinued, or
• The date on which the active bands or appliances are
removed.
The dental plan
143
Repair or replacement of an orthodontic appliance is
not covered.
There are certain orthodontia assistance benefits
that are not covered. See What is not covered under
the dental plan below.
Limited benefits
Alternative treatment plans: When alternative treatment
plans are available, the dental plan covers the professionally
accepted, standard course of treatment.
Transfer of treatment: If you transfer from the care of
one dentist to another during the course of treatment, or
if more than one dentist renders services for one dental
procedure, the dental plan pays no more than the amount it
would have paid if only one dentist had rendered services.
What is not covered under
the dental plan
The dental plan does not pay benefits for all types of
services. To determine if a service is covered, call Delta
Dental or submit a pretreatment estimate of benefits form.
Services that are not covered by the plan include, but are
not limited to, the following:
Accidental injury to sound, natural teeth: Expenses for
treatment of accidental injury to sound, natural teeth may
be covered under the medical plan. This exclusion does not
apply to accidental injuries as a result of biting or chewing;
these charges may be covered under the dental plan.
Beyond the scope of licensure or unlicensed: Services
rendered by a dentist beyond the scope of their license, or
any services provided by an unlicensed dentist.
Bridgework: Repair of bridgework during the first sixmonth post-delivery period, and such services received
more often than once every 60-consecutive-month period.
Recementation of bridgework during the first six-month
post-delivery period, or such services received more than
once every 12-consecutive-month period.
Cosmetic purposes: Services performed for cosmetic
purposes or to correct congenital, hereditary, or
developmental malformations. This exclusion does not apply
to orthodontic services for the correction of malposed teeth.
Dentures: Repair or relining of dentures during the first
six-month post-delivery period, and such services received
more often than once every five years for repairs and once
every three years for relines and rebases. Immediate denture
relining during the first three-month post-delivery period.
Elective non-emergency dental services outside the U.S.
Elective non-necessary services: Services that are not
dentally necessary or that do not meet generally accepted
standards of care for treating the particular dental condition,
including decoration, personalization or inscription of any
tooth, device, appliance, crown, or other dental work.
Experimental or investigational: Charges for treatment
or services, including hospital care, that are experimental,
investigational, or inappropriate, under protocols
established by Delta Dental.
Governmental agency: Services provided or paid for by any
governmental agency or under any governmental program
or law, except charges for legally entitled benefits under
applicable federal laws.
Hospital charges: Services performed in a hospital or
outpatient hospital setting, including but not limited to
provider and facility charges. This exclusion does not apply
to oral surgeon fees for participants not enrolled in the
Associates’ Medical Plan, subject to terms of the dental plan.
Occlusal guards: Devices serving to minimize effects of
bruxism (grinding) or other occlusal factors. This exclusion
does not apply to occlusal orthotic devices to treat
TMJ disorders.
Oral sedation: Oral sedation and/or nitrous oxide (analgesia).
Orthodontia care: Services in connection with treatment
for the correction of malposed teeth during the first 12
consecutive months that a participant is covered under the
dental plan.
Periodontal splinting: Charges for complete occlusal
adjustments or stabilizing the teeth through the use of
periodontal splinting.
Permanent restorations: Charges for bases, liners,
and anesthetics used in conjunction with permanent
restorations (fillings).
Prescription drugs and medicines: Written for dental
purposes.
Prosthetics, duplicates: Duplicate prosthetic devices
or appliances.
Retainers: Separate charges for retainers (appliances
intended to retain orthodontic relationship) or habit
appliances to address harmful behaviors such as thumbsucking or tongue-thrusting.
Services undertaken prior to effective date or during
the waiting period for orthodontia services: Charges
for courses of treatment, including prosthetics and
orthodontics, which are begun prior to the effective date
of coverage or before you are eligible to receive benefits
for orthodontia services.
The dental plan
144
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Surgical corrections: Charges for services related to the
surgical correction of:
• Temporomandibular joint dysfunction (TMJ)
• Orofacial deformities, and
• Specified oral surgery procedures covered by the
Associates’ Medical Plan.
Tooth structure: Services for restoring tooth structure lost
from wear, for rebuilding or maintaining chewing surfaces
due to teeth out of alignment or occlusion, or for stabilizing
the teeth.
OTHER CHARGES NOT COVERED
• Any procedure performed for a temporary purpose
• Charges in excess of the maximum plan allowance
• Extraoral grafts
• Hypnosis or acupuncture
• Oral hygiene instruction and dietary instruction
• Plaque control programs
• Services covered by the Associates’ Medical Plan
• Services for which there is no charge
• Teledentistry
• Any other services not specifically listed as covered
• Charges covered by workers’ compensation or employers’
liability laws
• Services provided by a member of the participant’s
family, or
• Charges incurred as a result of war.
Break in coverage
There may be occasions in which you must make special
arrangements to pay your dental premiums to avoid a break
in coverage. These situations occur most commonly if you
are on a leave of absence or if your Walmart paycheck is
not sufficient to pay your full share of the cost of coverage
(such as after a reduction in hours). Failure to make your
premium payments by the due date may result in an
interruption in the payment of any benefit claims and/or
a break in coverage.
For details on the impact a break in coverage may have,
and on how to make personal payments to continue your
coverage, see Keeping your premiums current in the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
IF YOU GO ON A LEAVE OF ABSENCE
You may continue your coverage up to the last day of
an approved leave of absence, provided that you pay your
premiums before or during the leave. For information
about making payments while on a leave of absence,
see Keeping your premiums current in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
When dental coverage ends
Your coverage ends on your last day of employment or
when you are no longer eligible under the terms of the
Plan. Dependent coverage ends when your coverage ends
or when a dependent is no longer an eligible dependent (as
defined in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
chapter). All benefits cease on the date coverage ends,
except for completion of operative procedures in progress
at the time coverage ends. “Operative procedures” are
limited to individual crowns, dentures, bridges, and implants,
and are considered “in progress” only if all procedures for
commencement of lab work are completed and all operative
procedures are completed within 45 days of termination.
The dental plan does not pay benefits if you or a covered
dependent receive benefits for these post-termination
expenses from another plan. You and/or your enrolled
dependents may be eligible for continued coverage through
the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985, as
amended (COBRA). See the COBRA chapter for information
regarding COBRA continuation coverage.
If your coverage is canceled due to nonpayment of
premiums, coverage ends on the cancellation date. See
Paying for your benefits in the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter for information.
If you voluntarily drop coverage after an election change
event or at Annual Enrollment (after completing two full
calendar years of coverage), coverage ends as follows:
• After an election change event: coverage ends on the
effective date of the event. See Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for information.
• At Annual Enrollment: coverage ends on December 31 of
the current year.
The dental plan
145
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you are a part
-time or temporary associate who is subject
to the 60
-day, one
-time, and annual eligibility checks for
medical benefits, see the Part
‑time hourly and temporary
associates: eligibility checks for medical benefits section in
the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for
details regarding the impact to your benefits of terminating
employment with the company and then returning to work.
For details regarding the impact to your required minimum
enrollment period, deductible, and waiting period for
orthodontia assistance, see below.
If you are a full
-time hourly, management, or truck driver
associate, see the If you leave the company and are rehired
section in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
chapter for details regarding the impact to your benefits
of terminating employment with the company and then
returning to work. For details regarding the impact to your
required minimum enrollment period, deductible, and
waiting period for orthodontia assistance, see below.
Impact to required minimum enrollment period, deductible,
and waiting period for orthodontia assistance: • If you terminate and then return to work within 30 days
of your termination date, your deductible will not reset
unless you terminate in one calendar year and return to
work in the following calendar year. Your waiting period for
orthodontia assistance will also not reset.
• If you terminate and then return to work more than 30 days
but less than 13 weeks from your termination date, your
deductible will not reset when you return to work in
the same calendar year in which you terminated. Your
deductible will reset when you terminate in one calendar
year and return to work in the following calendar year.
Your waiting period for orthodontia assistance will reset
unless you have already met the 12
-month wait. If you have
already maintained the required minimum enrollment
period of two years, you may drop dental coverage within
60 days after returning.
• If you terminate and then return to work 13 weeks or
more from your termination date, you will be considered
a new associate and will be required to complete any
applicable eligibility waiting period or other requirements.
See the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter
for details.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The vision plan 148
How the vision plan works 148
How to use the plan 149
What is not covered 149
Breakage and loss of eyewear 150
Filing a vision claim 150
Break in coverage 150
When vision coverage ends 150
If you leave the company and are rehired 150
The vision plan
The information in this chapter describes vision benefits that may
be available to you if:
• You are an eligible hourly, temporary, part-time truck driver, or salaried (management) associate
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements, and
• You have enrolled in a timely manner.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
The vision plan
147
The vision plan
The vision plan helps you pay for routine eye exams, lenses, frames, and contact lenses, so you can
see clearly for years to come.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Locate a Walmart Vision Center or
Sam’s Club Optical provider
Go to One.Walmart.com
For detailed information about vision
plan coverage or to locate a VSP
network provider
Go to Walmart.VSPforme.com and enter your
member number
Call VSP at 866‑240‑8390
Get the cost for vision plan coverage Go to One.Walmart.com Call People Services at
800-421-1362
What you need to know about the vision plan
• Coverage under the vision plan is separate from the medical plan, which generally does not cover charges for
routine eye care. If you are interested in coverage for vision services not covered by the medical plan, you must
enroll separately in the vision plan.
• You may see any Walmart Vision Center, Sam’s Club Optical, or VSP network provider for care and receive the same
level of benefits. No benefits are available if you see a non-network provider. NOTE: There may be rare instances
where a provider at a Walmart Vision Center or Sam’s Club Optical facility is not a VSP provider. You should verify
that a provider is a VSP network provider before receiving services.
• You may purchase contact lenses online at WalmartContacts.com or SamsClubContacts.com, or from a VSP network
provider. VSP coordinates the amount of your purchase eligible for coverage. Go to Walmart.VSPforme.com or call
VSP at 866-240-8390 for details about the contact lens benefit.
• If you have medical plan coverage with the Associates’ Medical Plan (AMP), the VSP phone number will appear on
your plan ID card. If you are enrolled in an HMO or if you enroll for vision coverage only, you will receive a VSP ID
card, which will be mailed to your home address.
The vision plan
148
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The vision plan
Walmart offers the vision plan to help you pay for routine eye
care. The vision plan is administered through VSP. You may
access care under the vision plan through a Walmart Vision
Center or Sam’s Club Optical facility, or through a provider in
VSP’s nationwide network. Vision plan coverage is available to
you if you are an hourly or management associate. Coverage
is also available to your dependents, with the exception
of spouses/partners of part-time associates, temporary
associates, and part-time truck drivers. NOTE: There may
be rare instances where a provider at a Walmart Vision
Center or Sam’s Club Optical facility is not a VSP provider.
You should always verify that a provider is a VSP network
provider before receiving services.
CHOOSING A COVERAGE TIER
When you enroll in the vision plan, you also select the
eligible family members you wish to cover:
• Associate only
• Associate + spouse/partner (except for part-time hourly
associates, temporary associates, or part-time truck drivers)
• Associate + child(ren), or
• Associate + family (except for part-time hourly associates,
temporary associates, or part-time truck drivers).
For information on dependent eligibility and when
dependents can be enrolled, see the Eligibility, enrollment,
and effective dates chapter.
How the vision plan works
The vision plan covers a routine eye exam once every
calendar year, lenses once every calendar year, frames
once every calendar year, or contact lenses once every
calendar year. The vision plan pays benefits for prescription
contact lenses or prescription eyeglasses. If you choose
contact lenses, you will not be eligible for lenses or frames
again until the next calendar year. Benefits are paid as
shown in the chart below. Walmart providers and VSP
network providers have agreed to provide their services
to covered associates for a prearranged fee; all you pay is
the applicable copay and the cost of any non-covered or
elective items. VSP pays the rest directly to the provider.
VISION PLAN BENEFITS
Walmart Vision Center Sam’s Club Optical VSP network providers
Routine exam copay
Once every calendar year
$4
Low-vision services, such as supplemental testing and supplemental aids for visual problems
not correctable with regular lenses, are a plan benefit when specific criteria are met and when
prescribed by a VSP network provider. Low-vision services may be available less frequently than
once every calendar year. Call VSP for more information on eligibility criteria.
Materials copay $4
Applies with purchase of frames or lenses (but not contact lenses). Copay is charged only once
when frames and lenses are purchased together.
Progressive lens copay $55
Lenses
• Single vision
• Lined bifocal
• Lined trifocal
• Lenticular
100% covered after copay
The following options are also covered at 100%:
• Scratch coating
• Polycarbonate lenses
• UV (ultraviolet) protected
Standard lenses are covered after applicable copay. Check with your optical team for lenses
offered under benefit.
Frames
Once every calendar year
$130 allowance
Charges above the frame allowance are your responsibility.
Elective contact lenses
Once every calendar year in lieu of
all other lenses and frame benefits
$130 contact lens allowance
Charges above the contact lens allowance are your responsibility.
You may be charged an additional fee of up to $60 for fitting and evaluation.
Necessary contact lenses
Once every calendar year in lieu of
all other lenses and frame benefits
100% covered after copay once every calendar year. Includes professional fees and materials.
Non-elective contact lenses are a Plan benefit when specific criteria are met and when
prescribed by a VSP network provider. Call VSP for more information on eligibility criteria.
NOTE: Sales taxes may apply and will reduce the vision benefit.
The vision plan
149
What is not covered
Some expenses are not covered under the vision plan,
including:
• Charges for eye exams, lenses, or frames that:
– you are not legally obligated to pay for or for which no
charge would be made in the absence of vision coverage
– exceed plan maximums
– are not necessary according to accepted standards of
ophthalmic practice, or not ordered or prescribed by
the attending physician or optometrist
– do not meet accepted standards of ophthalmic practice,
including charges for experimental or investigational
services or supplies
– are received as a result of eye disease, defect, or injury
due to an act of declared or undeclared war
– are for any condition, disease, ailment, or injury arising
out of and in the course of employment compensable
under a workers’ compensation or employers’ liability
law and were ordered before the patient became eligible
for coverage or after coverage ends
– are received free from any governmental agency by
compliance with laws or regulations enacted by any
federal, state, municipal, or other governmental body
– are paid for by another insurance plan (see If you have
coverage under more than one vision plan later in this
chapter), or
– are payable under any health care program supported
in whole or in part by federal funds or any state or
political subdivision.
• Medical or surgical treatment or supplies
• Professional services or eyewear connected with
orthoptics, vision training, subnormal vision aids,
aniseikonic lenses and tonography, and other services/
materials not covered by the vision plan
• Replacement of broken lenses or frames after one year
from purchase
• Replacement of lost lenses or frames unless the patient
is otherwise eligible under the frequency provisions,
as detailed in the Vision plan benefits chart on the
previous page
• Service contract fees
• Plano lenses (nonprescription lenses less than .50 diopter)
• Services from any non-network providers
• Two pairs of glasses instead of bifocals
• Contact lens modification, polishing, or cleaning
• Refitting of contact lenses after the initial (90 day)
fitting period
• Local, state, or federal taxes, except where VSP is required
by law to pay.
Benefits will be paid only for covered services provided
through any Walmart Vision Center, Sam’s Club Optical, or
VSP network provider. No benefits are available if you see a
non-network provider. NOTE: There may be rare instances
where a provider at a Walmart Vision Center or Sam’s Club
Optical facility is not a VSP provider. You should always
verify that a provider is a VSP network provider before
receiving services.
Additional charges. Charges for any of the following items
are your responsibility. Call VSP at 866-240-8390 for
more information.
• Blended lenses
• Oversize lenses
• Photochromic or tinted lenses other than Pink 1
or 2 allowance
• Laminated lenses
• High-index lenses
• Anti-reflective coating
• Color coating
• Mirror coating
• Optional cosmetic processes
• Low vision care
• Cosmetic lenses, and
• Frames or contacts that cost more than your allowance.
How to use the plan
Follow these steps for your vision care.
STEP 1 To find a Walmart Vision Center or Sam’s Club
Optical provider, go to One.Walmart.com;
to find a provider in the VSP network, call
866‑240‑8390 or go to Walmart.VSPforme.
com and enter your member number. NOTE:
There may be rare instances where a provider at
a Walmart Vision Center or Sam’s Club Optical
facility is not a VSP provider. You should always
verify that a provider is a VSP network provider
before receiving services.
STEP 2 When you make an appointment, identify
yourself as a VSP member and give the office
your name and date of birth, plus the patient’s
name (if different). The provider’s office
contacts VSP to verify your eligibility.
STEP 3 At your visit, pay your copay and any other
required amount directly to the Walmart
Vision Center or Sam’s Club Optical or VSP
network provider. The provider’s office arranges
for reimbursement and handles any other
administrative tasks required.
The vision plan
150
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Breakage and loss of eyewear
If you damage your eyewear within one year of purchase,
you may be eligible for replacement or repair. Check with
your provider for warranty details. Warranties may vary
depending on the product and manufacturer.
Lost eyewear is not covered under the vision plan.
Filing a vision claim
When you use the vision plan, claims for services are
generally not required; see How to use the plan for a
description of payment arrangements. When it’s necessary
to file a claim—for example, if you are newly enrolled in
the vision plan when you see a provider and your personal
information is not yet on file with VSP—return to the
provider after your information is in the system and ask
the provider to file the claim on your behalf. Claims are
processed according to the terms described in the Claims
and appeals chapter.
IF YOU HAVE COVERAGE UNDER MORE THAN
ONE VISION PLAN
If you or a family member have coverage under the vision
plan and are also covered under another vision plan (for
example, your spouse/partner’s company vision plan),
coordination of benefits may apply. The vision plan has
the right to coordinate with other plans under which you
are covered so the total vision benefits payable will not
exceed the level of benefits otherwise payable under the
vision plan. Under the vision plan, “other plans” refers
only to other plans administered by VSP. There is no
coordination-of-benefits provision with vision coverage
providers other than VSP. Plans referred to as “other plans”
are described in If you have coverage under more than one
medical plan in The medical plan chapter.
Break in coverage
There may be occasions in which you must make special
arrangements to pay your vision premiums to avoid a break
in coverage. These situations occur most commonly if you
are on a leave of absence or if your Walmart paycheck is
not sufficient to pay your full share of the cost of coverage
(such as after a reduction in hours). Failure to make your
premium payments by the due date may result in an
interruption in the payment of any benefit claims and/or
a break in coverage.
For details on the impact a break in coverage may have,
and on how to make personal payments to continue your
coverage, see Keeping your premiums current in the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
IF YOU GO ON A LEAVE OF ABSENCE
You may continue your coverage up to the last day of an
approved leave of absence, provided that you pay your
premiums before or during the leave. For information about
making payments while on a leave of absence, see Keeping
your premiums current in the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter.
If you have received covered vision services prior to your
leave, any applicable benefit frequency limitation under
the vision plan (i.e., eyeglass frames every calendar year)
will continue to apply after your return.
When vision coverage ends
Your coverage ends on your last day of employment or
when you are no longer eligible under the terms of the
Plan. Dependent coverage ends when your coverage ends
or when a dependent is no longer an eligible dependent
(as defined in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective
dates chapter). You and/or your enrolled dependents may be
eligible for continued coverage through the Consolidated
Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (COBRA).
See the COBRA chapter for information regarding COBRA
continuation coverage.
If your coverage is canceled due to nonpayment of
premiums, coverage ends on the cancellation date.
See Paying for your benefits in the Eligibility, enrollment,
and effective dates chapter for information.
If you voluntarily drop coverage after an election change
event or at Annual Enrollment, coverage ends as follows:
• After an election change event: coverage ends on the
effective date of the event. See Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for information.
• At Annual Enrollment: coverage ends on December 31 of
the current year.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you are a part-time or temporary associate who is subject
to the 60-day, one-time, and annual eligibility checks for
medical benefits, see the Part‑time hourly and temporary
associates: eligibility checks for medical benefits section in
the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for
details regarding the impact to your benefits of terminating
employment with the company and then returning to work.
If you are a full-time hourly, management, or truck driver
associate, see the If you leave the company and are rehired
section in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
chapter for details regarding the impact to your benefits
of terminating employment with the company and then
returning to work. 
The vision plan
151
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Resources for Living®
Using Resources for Living (RFL) 154
RFL counseling services 154
RFL legal and financial services 154
RFL daily life assistance 154
When RFL benefits end 155
Filing a claim for RFL benefits 155
Resources for Living®
153
Resources for Living®
Resources for Living (RFL) gives you confidential mental health support and well‑being information.
It’s available at no cost to you and your family members from your date of hire. Call a trained
professional anytime for help with stress management, family relationships, career issues, and other
daily challenges. RFL also has lots of information and help with childcare, eldercare, education,
finances, wellness, and more.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Speak with a work‑life specialist to identify
resources and solutions for everyday needs
or a licensed professional for mental health
challenges
Call 800-825-3555
Access articles, videos, self-assessment tools,
and resources across a wide range of topics
Go to One.Walmart.com/RFL or rfl.com:
User ID: Walmart
Password: Associate
Access monthly healthy living tips and
webinars on a variety of topics
Go to One.Walmart.com/RFL or rfl.com:
User ID: Walmart
Password: Associate
What you need to know about Resources for Living
• RFL is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year.
• You and your household members can find counseling, information, and work‑life assistance.
• There is no cost to you for RFL benefits. You are automatically enrolled in RFL as of your date of hire, regardless of
whether you enroll in a Walmart medical plan.
Resources for Living®
154
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Using Resources for Living (RFL)
If you are a U.S. associate, you, your household family
members, and your benefit-eligible dependents are
automatically enrolled in RFL as of your first day of
employment. You can call RFL any time at 800-825-3555
or log into rfl.com to find tools for:
• Building strong mental health and resiliency
• Stress management
• Budgeting and saving money
• Legal assistance
• Relationships at home and in the workplace
• Emotional and physical well-being
• Family life and more
RFL provides access to services and support by telephone,
televideo, face-to-face and chat-based counseling, videos,
webinars, web-based articles, and through a resource team
that can help support your everyday needs and well-being.
RFL counseling services
Whether you need help working through a challenge or
just someone to talk to, RFL offers you 24/7/365 telephone
counseling support for a variety of common questions and
stressors. You can call and get help with:
• Managing stress
• Coping with depression, anxiety, or substance use
• Building healthy relationships with family, friends,
and co‑workers
• Balancing the demands of work and home life
• Working through emotionally difficult situations
In addition to unlimited in‑the‑moment telephone
counseling, you and your eligible family members may
receive up to 10 face‑to‑face or televideo counseling
sessions per person, per issue, per year, with a licensed
therapist in the RFL network, or via app‑based chat through
Talkspace, at no cost to you. If your situation calls for
therapeutic counseling and you elect to use the Talkspace
chat‑based counseling, the 10 sessions equate to 10 weeks
of chat support per person, per issue, per year. Call RFL
toll‑free at 800-825-3555 for support and to learn more
about therapeutic counseling, and how to access the
10‑session benefit.
RFL legal and financial services
RFL gives you access to legal and financial experts. Whether
you’re creating a budget or a will, RFL can help you:
• Meet your financial goals and save for the future
• Explore your options related to legal issues
• Create a personal budget
• Make your money go further
• Pay down debt
• Access a library of legal documents for a variety of needs
(such as automobile bill of sale or lease agreement)
• Recover from identify theft, and more
You can receive a half-hour consultation for each legal
or financial issue or a one-hour consultation for each
identity‑theft issue, at no cost to you. Note that this
service does not provide assistance in situations involving
employment law. If you need more legal, financial, or
identify-theft support beyond the initial consultation, you
can continue to work with that professional for an additional
discounted fee.
RFL daily life assistance
You can reach out to RFL for help in meeting the demands
of work and home life. Call for help with everyday needs
such as:
• Care for your child or an older adult
• Military resources
• Emergency financial needs
• Pet care
• Adoption resources
• Home repair services
• Support groups
• Educational options and resources for children and adults
• Accessing tools to support your well-being, including
healthy eating, exercise, improved sleep, and stress
management
• Access to helpful community-based resources
RFL’s work-life consultants can help you find options for
meeting your needs and research details like cost, services,
and availability.
Resources for Living®
155
CALLING RFL
Call 800-825-3555 for personalized support at any
time. Services are available in English and Spanish (other
languages available upon request). Calls are confidential,
except as required by law.
RFL ON THE WEB
Visit rfl.com for articles, webinars, tools, and resources on
a variety of topics to help you live well. To log on to rfl.com,
enter the following:
User ID: Walmart
Password: Associate
You can also access rfl.com by clicking on the single sign
-on
link found at One.Walmart.com/RFL
.
When RFL benefits end
If you experience a qualifying event and become eligible
for COBRA benefits, your Resources for Living benefits
automatically continue for 18 months from the date of the
qualifying event (or the maximum duration for which you
would be eligible for COBRA coverage). You do not have to
enroll in COBRA coverage to continue your Resources for
Living benefits.
Filing a claim for RFL benefits
You do not have to file a claim for RFL benefits. You may
access the RFL website or contact RFL by phone at any
time. However, if you have a question about your benefits,
or disagree with the benefits provided, you may contact
People Services at 800-421-1362 or file a claim by writing to
the following address:
People Services
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
Claims and appeals are determined under the time frames
and requirements set out in the procedures for filing a
claim for medical benefits, as described in the Claims and
appeals chapter.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
COBRA
COBRA continuation coverage 158
COBRA qualifying events 158
Paying for COBRA coverage 160
How long COBRA coverage may last 161
When COBRA coverage ends 163
COBRA
157
COBRA
If you and/or your covered dependents lose medical, dental, or vision coverage because of a
qualifying event, a federal law known as “COBRA” may allow you to continue that coverage for
a set period of time at your own expense.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Contact People Services within 60 calendar
days of a divorce, legal separation, termination
of a relationship with a partner, or ineligibility
of dependents
Call People Services at 800-421-1362 or
provide notification in writing to:
Walmart People Services
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
Contact WageWorks (a HealthEquity company),
the COBRA administrator, for questions
regarding eligibility, enrollment, premiums,
or notification of a second qualifying event
Go to
mybenefits.wageworks.com
Call 800‑570‑1863
What you need to know about COBRA
• “COBRA,” which stands for Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, may apply if a “qualifying
event” occurs that would otherwise cause you or a covered dependent to lose medical, dental, or vision coverage.
Qualifying events are described in this chapter. The Plan extends COBRA continuation coverage to you and all your
covered dependents.
• For medical, dental, and vision benefits, COBRA continuation coverage can continue up to 18 or 36 months, depending
on the qualifying event. The 18 months can be extended to 29 months under certain circumstances when a disability
is involved.
• If you experience a qualifying event and become eligible for COBRA benefits, your Resources for Living benefits
automatically continue for 18 months from the date of the qualifying event (or the maximum duration for which you
would be eligible for COBRA coverage). You do not have to enroll in COBRA coverage to continue your Resources for
Living benefits.
• The Plan contracts with WageWorks, a third-party administrator, to administer COBRA. References to COBRA in this
section are to the Plan’s continuation coverage, which may be more favorable to participants and dependents than the
continuation coverage legally required under COBRA.
• There are strict notification rules and time limits for enrolling in COBRA continuation coverage, as described in this
chapter. Please read this chapter carefully—failure to adhere to these rules can result in the loss of your right to elect
COBRA continuation coverage. If you have any questions or need assistance with enrollment, please call 800-570-1863.
COBRA
158
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
COBRA continuation coverage
If medical, dental, or vision coverage under the Plan ends
for you or your eligible dependents, you and/or your eligible
dependents may be able to continue your coverage under
the Plan’s continuation coverage provisions, which comply
with COBRA. COBRA continuation coverage applies to
medical, dental, and vision coverage; it does not apply to
other benefits described in this Associate Benefits Book.
An event that makes you and/or your eligible dependents
eligible for COBRA continuation coverage is called a
“qualifying event,” such as termination of employment or
loss of benefits eligibility. Under COBRA, each person who
would lose coverage after a qualifying event is considered
a “qualified beneficiary.” Each qualified beneficiary has an
independent right to elect COBRA continuation coverage.
You must have had medical, dental, or vision coverage
under the Plan on the day before the date of your
qualifying event to be eligible for COBRA coverage, unless
coverage ended during a leave of absence, as described on
this page. You may choose a lesser coverage tier or select
an alternate medical plan, if applicable.
If you change medical plans when you elect COBRA
coverage, your annual deductible and out-of-pocket
maximum will reset, and you will be responsible for
meeting the new deductible and out-of-pocket maximum
in their entirety.
If you have HMO coverage at the time of your qualifying
event and the state where you live has more favorable
coverage continuation rules than federal COBRA, the HMO
generally follows state rules. For PPO Plan participants,
the PPO Plan also follows state rules. For information on
state continuation rights, contact your HMO provider or
the PPO Plan, as applicable.
IF YOU ARE ON LEAVE OF ABSENCE
Generally, if your leave ends and you do not return to work,
you and any eligible dependents who were enrolled in
medical, dental, or vision coverage under the Plan during
your leave will be offered COBRA, which will run from the
date following your employment termination date.
If you and any eligible dependents were enrolled in medical,
dental, or vision coverage under the Plan on the day before
your leave began but you dropped coverage during your
leave or your coverage was canceled due to nonpayment
of premiums during the leave, you will still be offered
COBRA when your employment terminates. If you elect
COBRA coverage, it will run from the date following your
employment termination date. This means that if you or any
eligible dependent elects COBRA at the end of a leave of
absence during which coverage was dropped or canceled,
the elected COBRA coverage will not be effective
retroactive to the date coverage was dropped or canceled,
but will be effective on the date following your employment
termination date.
COBRA qualifying events
You are eligible for COBRA if your medical, dental, or vision
coverage ends because:
• Your employment with the company ends for any reason, or
• You are no longer eligible for medical coverage because
the number of hours you regularly work for the company
has decreased, making you ineligible for coverage under
the Plan.
Your spouse or partner is eligible for COBRA if coverage for
the spouse or partner ends for any of the following reasons:
• Your employment with the company ends for any reason
• Your spouse or partner is no longer eligible for medical,
dental, or vision coverage because the number of hours
you regularly work for the company has decreased,
making them ineligible for coverage under the Plan
• You and your spouse divorce or legally separate
• You and your partner no longer meet the definition of
having a “partnership” for purposes of the Plan (refer to
the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter
for the definition of “partner”)
• You enroll in Medicare benefits Part D, causing your
medical coverage to terminate (you must contact People
Services by calling 800-421-1362 within 60 days of
enrolling in Medicare Part D), or
• You die.
Your eligible dependent other than a spouse or partner is
eligible for COBRA if coverage for the dependent ends for
any of the following reasons:
• Your employment with the company ends for any reason
• Your eligible dependent is no longer eligible for medical,
dental, or vision coverage because the number of hours
you regularly worked for the company has decreased,
making them ineligible for coverage under the Plan
• You enroll in Medicare benefits Part D, causing your
medical coverage to terminate. (You or your eligible
dependent must contact People Services by calling
800‑421‑1362 within 60 days of enrolling in Medicare
Part D.)
• Your dependent child no longer meets eligibility
requirements, as described in the Eligibility, enrollment,
and effective dates chapter (e.g., the end of the month in
which a dependent turns age 26), or
• You die.
COBRA
159
NOTIFICATION
In general, the company will notify WageWorks, the Plan’s
third‑party administrator for COBRA, if you or your
dependents become eligible for COBRA continuation
coverage because of your death, termination of
employment, a reduction in hours of employment that
makes you ineligible for coverage under the Plan, or
you enroll in Medicare Part D. You or your dependent
must notify People Services if you enroll in Medicare
Part D. The company will generally make this notification
to the COBRA administrator within 30 days after the
qualifying event.
Under the law, you or your eligible dependent is
responsible for notifying People Services of your divorce,
legal separation, termination of your relationship with a
partner, or a child’s loss of dependent status. You will need
to notify People Services, even if you made changes online
to modify your coverage as a result of one of these life
events. The notification must be made within 60 days after
the qualifying event (or the date on which coverage would
end because of the qualifying event, if later). You or your
eligible dependent can provide notice on your behalf or on
behalf of any eligible dependent affected by the qualifying
event. Provide notice of the qualifying event to People
Services by calling 800-421-1362 or writing to:
Walmart People Services
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
The notice must include the following information:
• Name and address of the covered associate
• Type of qualifying event
• Date of qualifying event
• Name of dependent losing coverage, and
• Address of the dependent losing coverage (if different
from the covered associate’s address).
If you do not contact People Services within the 60‑day
period, your covered dependent will lose their right to elect
COBRA continuation coverage. To protect your covered
dependent’s rights, let People Services know about any
changes in addresses of family members. You should keep
a copy of any notices you send to People Services and/or
WageWorks for your records.
Federal law places responsibility upon you
or your eligible dependent to notify People
Services within 60 calendar days after the
later of the date of a divorce, legal separation,
termination of your relationship with a
partner, or a child becoming ineligible due
to loss of dependent status, or the date on
which coverage under the Plan is terminated
as a result of one of these events. If you or
your eligible dependent do not notify People
Services within 60 days, your dependent will
not be eligible for COBRA.
You or your eligible dependent must also notify
the COBRA administrator by phone or in
writing of a second qualifying event or Social
Security disability in order to extend the period
of COBRA coverage. Other forms of notice
will not bind the Plan. If notice is not provided
by phone or in writing of a second qualifying
event or extension request within 60 days from
the later of the date of the second qualifying
event or the date on which you lost (or will
lose) coverage as a result of a second qualifying
event, COBRA continuation rights will expire on
the date that your or your eligible dependent’s
initial COBRA coverage period expires.
COBRA ENROLLMENT
Within 14 days after the COBRA administrator receives
notification that a qualifying event has occurred, the
COBRA administrator, on behalf of the Plan, will send a
COBRA election notice to you and your eligible dependent
at your last known address. The election notice describes
your right to continue medical, dental, or vision coverage
under COBRA. (If you do not receive this notification,
please contact People Services.) To receive COBRA
continuation coverage, you must elect coverage through
the COBRA administrator within 60 calendar days from the
date you lose coverage or the date of the election notice,
if later. To enroll, you must complete and mail your COBRA
election notice to the address on the election notice or go
online at mybenefits.wageworks.com. If you elect COBRA,
notify the COBRA administrator of any change of address.
Refer to Paying for COBRA coverage on the next page
for information on making COBRA payments. If you need
assistance, call 800-570-1863.
NOTE: You may be asked to provide documentation of the
qualifying event.
You and each of your eligible dependents have independent
election rights. You may elect COBRA coverage for all
of your family members who lose coverage because of 
COBRA
160
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
the qualifying event. A parent or legal guardian may elect
COBRA coverage on behalf of a minor eligible dependent.
A child born to or placed for adoption with you while you
are on COBRA also has COBRA rights.
COBRA is provided subject to the eligibility requirements
for continuation coverage for you and your eligible
dependents under the law and the terms of the Plan. To
the extent permitted by law, the Plan Administrator will
retroactively terminate your COBRA coverage if you are
later determined to be ineligible.
Instead of electing COBRA coverage, there
may be other coverage options for you and
your family through the Health Insurance
Marketplace or Medicaid. You may also be
eligible for a 30-day “special enrollment period”
in another group health plan for which you are
otherwise eligible (such as a plan sponsored by
your spouse’s employer). You may also have the
same special enrollment right at the end of your
COBRA coverage if you take COBRA coverage
for the maximum time available to you. Some
of these options may cost less than COBRA
continuation coverage. You can learn more
about your options at healthcare.gov.
ELECTION CHANGE EVENTS WHILE ON COBRA
CONTINUATION COVERAGE
After the COBRA election period, you or your eligible
dependent may not change the elected COBRA coverage
without an election change event outside Annual Enrollment
or a subsequent qualifying event. For information
about election change events, see Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter. If an election
change event occurs (such as if a child is born), you must
notify the COBRA administrator within 60 calendar days of
the event. Supporting documentation may be required. You
will have the right to make changes to your coverage during
any Annual Enrollment while you are on COBRA.
Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, if you add a
spouse or partner or other eligible dependent due to an
election change event while on COBRA, each person must
individually meet any applicable benefit waiting period (for
example, for transplant coverage or weight loss surgery)
and is subject to any applicable Plan limitations. If you
change medical plans due to an election change event, your
annual deductible and out-of-pocket maximum will reset,
and you will be responsible for meeting the new deductible
and out-of-pocket maximum in their entirety. If you change
from the Contribution Plan to another plan, your HRA
balance under the Contribution Plan will be forfeited.
If you are covered as a dependent and you experience a
qualifying event that affects your status as a dependent and
makes you eligible for your own continuation coverage under
COBRA, you will receive credit toward your deductible and
out-of-pocket maximum under the Associates’ Medical Plan
for expenses incurred as a covered dependent, unless you
change plan options as described above. You will also receive
credit toward any waiting periods.
In the event of an election change event, you or your
eligible dependent may change benefit coverage to another
benefit tier under the Plan only if the change in coverage is
consistent with the election change event.
If you move to a new location and this affects your medical
coverage (i.e., moving from an HMO area to a non-HMO
area), you will have 60 calendar days from the date you
notify the COBRA administrator of the address change to
select a different plan. If you do not submit your selections
within 60 days, you may automatically be enrolled in a
predetermined plan.
Paying for COBRA coverage
The COBRA premium is the amount you were paying before
the qualifying event, plus the amount the company was
paying, plus a 2% administrative fee (50% administrative fee
in cases of the 11‑month disability extension, as described
later in this chapter). The letter sent to you and your eligible
dependents following notice of a qualifying event will
include the monthly premium cost for COBRA coverage.
Initial COBRA premium: Your first payment is due 45 days
after you elect COBRA and must cover the cost of COBRA
coverage from the day following the qualifying event through
the end of the month before the month in which you make
your first payment. (For example, assume your employment
terminates on September 30, and you lose coverage on
September 30. You elect COBRA on November 15. Your initial
premium payment should equal the premiums for October
and November and is due on or before December 30, which is
the 45th day after the date of your COBRA election. Ongoing
premiums are due the first day of each month, with a 30-day
grace period. So your December payment must be received
no later than December 31, the end of the 30-day grace
period for the December coverage period.)
If your initial premium payment is not made in the allowed
time frame, you will not be eligible for COBRA coverage.
Continuing premiums: Monthly premiums are due on the
first day of each month following the due date of the initial
premium. If you make your payment on or before the first
day of each month, your COBRA coverage under the Plan
will continue for that month. To eliminate any possible
delay in the updating of your eligibility information, it is
recommended that you pay your premiums 7-10 days in
advance of the due date.
COBRA
161
You are allowed a 30-day grace period from the premium
due date before coverage is canceled. However, if you
make your payment on the first day of the month or later,
your coverage will be suspended and any claims incurred,
including pharmacy benefits, will not be paid until coverage
is paid through the current month. If you do not pay this
premium, you will be responsible for claims incurred. If
the 30th day falls on a weekend or holiday, you have until
the first business day following to have your payment
postmarked or paid.
As a courtesy, the COBRA administrator will send you a
COBRA premium payment invoice, unless you make your
payments by Automated Clearing House (ACH) debit,
in which case you will not receive an invoice. To avoid
interruption or cancellation of coverage, it is recommended
that you pay your premiums 7-10 days in advance of the
due date. Using the ACH debit through the COBRA
administrator can cause eligibility delays since these drafts
are taken on the first business day of the month. Premium
payments are due regardless of your receipt of a payment
invoice. If you pay by mail, attach your payment to the
invoice and mail it to:
WageWorks
P.O. Box 660212
Dallas, Texas 75266-0212
To pay online, log on to mybenefits.wageworks.com. To pay
by phone, call 800-570-1863.
If your COBRA coverage is canceled due to nonpayment of
premiums, your COBRA coverage will end on the last day
for which you paid your full COBRA premium on time, and it
will not be reinstated.
COBRA is month-to-month coverage, and if you do not
want to continue coverage, it can be terminated in the
following ways:
• Simply stop paying premiums, and your COBRA coverage
will be terminated for nonpayment.
• Enter a support request in the WageWorks online
message center.
• Send a letter to WageWorks requesting termination of
your COBRA coverage, mailed to:
WageWorks
P.O. Box 226101
Dallas, Texas 75222-6101
If you choose to cancel coverage, it cannot be reinstated.
Coverage will be automatically canceled if your payment
is not postmarked on or before the deadline date of the
month your premium is due.
How long COBRA coverage may last
The maximum duration of your COBRA coverage depends
on the qualifying event making you eligible for COBRA
coverage, as shown in the chart below.
MAXIMUM DURATION OF COBRA COVERAGE
Event Associate Dependents
• Your employment with the company ends
for any reason
• You are no longer eligible for coverage
under the Plan due to a reduction in hours
18 months from the date of the event 18 months from the date of the event
• Your death
• Your marital (or partnership)
status changes
• Dependent no longer meets eligibility
requirements (e.g., turns age 26)
Not applicable 36 months from the date of the event
You enroll in Medicare less than 18 months
prior to your termination of employment or
reduction in hours
18 months from the date of termination
of employment or reduction in hours
Up to 36 months from the date you
enrolled in Medicare
You enroll in Medicare Part D Not applicable 36 months from the date you enrolled
in Medicare Part D
Disability extension is obtained 29 months from the date of the original
qualifying event
29 months from the date of the original
qualifying event
Second qualifying event—you must notify the
COBRA administrator within 60 days of the
second qualifying event or the date of loss of
coverage, if later
Not applicable Up to 36 months from the date of the
original qualifying event
COBRA
162
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
IF YOU ARE ENTITLED TO MEDICARE
If you are eligible for Medicare Parts A and/or B and
terminate employment with the company (or lose coverage
under the Plan), be aware that if you do not enroll in Medicare
Parts A and/or B during the Medicare special enrollment
period, you may have to wait until the next Medicare annual
enrollment period to enroll in Medicare Parts A and/or
B and may have to pay a higher Medicare premium when
you do enroll. The eight-month special enrollment period
runs from the date that you are no longer employed by
the company (or lose coverage under the Plan, whichever
occurs first), even if you elect COBRA continuation coverage
(e.g., following termination of employment). For additional
information, refer to Medicare’s Medicare & You handbook,
published annually. The handbook can be obtained directly
from Medicare by calling 800‑633‑4227 or from the
Medicare website at medicare.gov.
Entitlement to Medicare means you are eligible for and
enrolled in Medicare. If you become entitled to Medicare
less than 18 months before a qualifying event due to
termination of employment or reduction in hours, your
eligible dependents can elect COBRA for a period of not
more than 36 months from the date you became eligible
for Medicare.
If you are entitled to Medicare prior to your COBRA
election date, you or your eligible dependents must
notify the COBRA administrator at 800-570-1863 of your
Medicare status in order to ensure your maximum coverage
period is properly calculated.
IF YOU OR AN ELIGIBLE DEPENDENT
IS DISABLED
If you are a qualified beneficiary who has COBRA coverage
because of termination of employment or reduction in
hours, you and each enrolled member of your family may
be entitled to an extra 11 months of COBRA coverage if
you or other enrolled members of your family become
disabled. (That is, you can get up to a total of 29 months of
COBRA coverage.) The 29-month COBRA coverage period
begins on the date after your termination of employment or
reduction in hours of employment that makes you ineligible
for coverage under the Plan. The disability extension applies
only if all of the following conditions are met:
• The Social Security Administration determines that you or
your eligible dependent is disabled
• The disability exists at any time within the first 60 calendar
days of COBRA coverage and lasts at least until the end of
the 18-month period of COBRA continuation coverage, and
• You and/or your eligible dependent notifies the COBRA
administrator of the Social Security Administration’s
disability determination by submitting a copy of the Social
Security Administration disability determination Notice
of Award letter to the COBRA administrator within your
initial 18-month COBRA period.
In the absence of an official Notice of Award from Social
Security, the Plan may accept other correspondence from
the Social Security Administration if that correspondence
explicitly includes all information the Plan needs to grant
the extension and is submitted to the COBRA administrator
within the time frames listed above.
If you and/or your eligible dependent qualify for the
disability extension, a new invoice will be mailed to you
and/or your eligible dependent before the end of the initial
18-month COBRA coverage period, unless you make your
payments by Automated Clearing House (ACH) debit, in
which case you will not receive an invoice. Contact the
COBRA administrator for details about paying premiums
during a disability extension.
The COBRA premium for the 19th through the 29th month
of COBRA coverage generally is the amount you were
paying before the qualifying event, plus the amount the
company was paying, plus a 50% administrative fee, or 150%
of the full premium amount.
However, if the disability extension applies, but the disabled
qualified beneficiary family member is not enrolled in
COBRA coverage, the COBRA premium for the covered
family members for the extended period is limited to 102%
of the full premium amount. You or your eligible dependent
must notify the COBRA administrator no later than 30 days
after the Social Security Administration determines that
you or your eligible dependent is no longer disabled.
IF YOU HAVE A SECOND QUALIFYING EVENT
WHILE ON COBRA
While you (the associate) cannot receive an extension of
COBRA coverage due to a second qualifying event, your
eligible dependent who has COBRA coverage due to your
termination of employment or reduction in hours may
receive COBRA coverage for up to a total of 36 months if a
second qualifying event occurs during the original 18-month
continuation coverage period (or during the 29-month
coverage period, in the event of a disability extension).
COBRA
163
The following can be second qualifying events:
• Your death
• Your divorce, legal separation, or termination of a
relationship with a partner
• Your child is no longer eligible for medical, dental, or vision
coverage (e.g., a dependent turns age 26), or
• Your enrollment in Medicare Part D.
If a second qualifying event occurs while your eligible
dependent has COBRA coverage, their COBRA coverage
may last up to 36 months from the date of the first
qualifying event that made you (the associate) eligible for
COBRA coverage.
To receive the extension of the COBRA
coverage period, you or your eligible
dependents must notify the COBRA
administrator of the second qualifying event
within 60 calendar days of the date of the
event or loss of coverage following the event,
if later. If the COBRA administrator is not
notified of the second qualifying event during
the 60-day period, your eligible dependents
cannot get the COBRA coverage extension,
and the coverage will be terminated as of the
date your initial COBRA period expired.
When COBRA coverage ends
COBRA coverage usually ends after the 18-month,
29-month, or 36-month maximum COBRA coverage
period. See How long COBRA coverage may last in this
chapter to find out which maximum COBRA coverage
period applies to you.
COBRA coverage may be terminated before the end of the
18th, 29th, or 36th month if:
• The company no longer provides medical, dental, or vision
coverage to any associates
• After the initial 45-day payment period you do not make a
COBRA payment within 30 calendar days of the due date
(if the 30th day falls on a weekend or non-postal delivery
day, you have until the next business day to have your
payment postmarked or paid)
• You or your eligible dependent becomes covered by
another group health, dental, or vision plan after electing
COBRA coverage
• During a disability extension period, the disabled
qualified beneficiary is determined by the Social Security
Administration to be no longer disabled (COBRA coverage
for all qualified beneficiaries, not just the disabled qualified
beneficiary, terminates as of the later of (a) the first
day of the month that is more than 30 days after a final
determination by the Social Security Administration that
the qualified beneficiary is no longer disabled, or (b) the
end of the coverage period that applies without regard to
the disability extension), or
• You or your eligible dependent submits a fraudulent claim
or fraudulent information to the Plan.
FILING AN APPEAL
You have the right to appeal an enrollment or eligibility
status decision related to your COBRA coverage. See
Appealing an enrollment or eligibility status decision in the
Claims and appeals chapter for more information.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Full-time hourly
short‑term disability
Your short-term disability benefit 166
How short-term disability benefits are funded 166
How the Walmart short-term disability benefit is administered 166
When you qualify for benefits 166
When benefits are not paid 168
Filing a claim 168
When benefits begin 169
Calculating your benefit 170
When short-term disability benefit payments end 172
Returning to work 172
If you go on a leave of absence or experience a temporary layoff 173
When coverage ends 173
If you leave the company and are rehired 173
The information in this chapter describes short-term disability
benefits that may be available to you if:
• You are an eligible full-time hourly associate
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements, and
• You have enrolled in a timely manner (if applicable).
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Full-time hourly short‑term disability
165
Full-time hourly short-term disability
If pregnancy, a scheduled surgery, or an unexpected illness or injury keeps you off the job for an
extended period, this plan for full‑time hourly associates can replace part of your paycheck. When
you can’t work, the Walmart short‑term disability plan works for you.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
To request a leave or to file a basic or
enhanced claim, file a maternity benefit claim,
or get more information
Go to One.Walmart.com/LOA >
mySedgwick
Call Sedgwick at 800-492-5678
If you work in one of the states listed below,
file a claim with Sedgwick, which will manage
your leave and notify Lincoln of the claim.
Hawaii
New Jersey
New York
Go to One.Walmart.com/LOA >
mySedgwick
Call Sedgwick/Lincoln at
800-492-5678
If you work in one of the states or localities
listed below, file a claim with Sedgwick in
addition to filing with your state or locality.
For maternity benefit information, see the
Maternity benefit section later in this chapter.
California
Connecticut
Massachusetts
Rhode Island
Washington, D.C.
Washington state
Go to edd.ca.gov
Go to ctpaidleave.org
Go to paidleave.mass.gov
Go to www.dlt.ri.gov/tdi
Go to dcpaidfamilyleave.dc.gov
Go to paidleave.wa.gov
Call 800-480-3287
Call 877-499-8606
Call 833-344-7365
Call 401-462-8420
Call 202-899-3700
Call 833-717-2273
What you need to know about full-time hourly short-term disability
• This chapter describes disability benefits available to you under two plan options: the short-term disability basic plan
and the short-term disability enhanced plan.
– The short-term disability basic plan
• The short-term disability basic benefit replaces 50% of your average weekly wage for up to 25 weeks, with no weekly
maximum (however, if you work in New York there is a maximum of $6,000 per week).
• The short-term disability maternity benefit replaces 100% of your average weekly wage for up to nine weeks.
– The short-term disability enhanced plan replaces 60% of your average weekly wage for up to 25 weeks, with no weekly
maximum (however, the New York short‑term disability enhanced plan has a maximum of $6,000 per week).
• Some states and localities have legally mandated plans. Variations in laws and administrative procedures may affect your
eligibility to participate in a Walmart short-term disability plan, as well as the amount of your disability benefit.
• If you work in California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island, you are not eligible for the short-term disability enhanced
plan or the basic benefit under Walmart’s short‑term disability basic plan because the states in which you work have legally
mandated disability plans. However, you are eligible for the maternity benefit under the short-term disability basic plan to
supplement any legally mandated maternity benefits offered by the state.
• If you work in Connecticut, Massachusetts, New York, Washington, D.C., or Washington state, you are eligible to participate
in one of Walmart’s short-term disability plans, but it will only supplement your state or locally mandated benefit.
• Legally mandated plans are not part of the Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan, and benefits paid under those legally
mandated plans are not provided under a Walmart short-term disability plan. Legally mandated plans are not discussed in
detail in this chapter, except where relevant to benefits under a short-term disability plan.
Full-time hourly short‑term disability
166
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Your short-term disability benefit
If you become disabled as defined in the When you qualify
for benefits section later in this chapter, the short‑term
disability basic plan provides a basic weekly benefit of
50% of your average weekly wage for up to 25 weeks of
an approved disability, after a waiting period of seven
calendar days, with no maximum weekly benefit (however,
if you work in New York there is a maximum weekly
benefit of $6,000). For more information about your
average weekly wage, see Calculating your benefit later in
this chapter.
If you become disabled as defined in the When you qualify
for benefits section later in this chapter, the short‑term
disability enhanced plan provides a weekly benefit of 60% of
your average weekly wage for up to 25 weeks of an approved
disability, after a waiting period of seven calendar days, with
no maximum weekly benefit (however, if you work in New
York, the New York short-term disability enhanced plan has a
maximum weekly benefit of $6,000).
If your disability is due to pregnancy, the short‑term
disability basic plan provides a maternity benefit of 100%
of your average weekly wage for the first nine weeks,
after an initial waiting period of seven calendar days. If
you are eligible for legally mandated short‑term disability
benefits, the maternity benefit supplements your state
benefits. The combined total of the maternity benefit
available to you under the short‑term disability basic
plan and the maternity benefit available to you under any
state or locally mandated plan will not exceed 100% of
your average weekly wage for nine weeks. If you remain
disabled and are eligible for benefits after the first nine
weeks of maternity benefits, and Walmart’s short‑term
disability basic and enhanced plans are available at your
work location, the short‑term disability plan will pay the
basic benefit or the benefit under the enhanced plan,
depending on the plan in which you are enrolled, for up to
16 additional weeks of benefit payments (for a total of up
to 25 weeks of benefit payments). See Maternity benefit
for more information.
How short-term disability benefits
are funded
The short‑term disability basic plan is provided by the
company at no cost to you. However, you and the company
share the cost of the short‑term disability enhanced plan.
If you participate in the short‑term disability enhanced
plan, your cost is based on your biweekly earnings and your
age. If you have no earnings in a particular pay period, no
contributions are required during that pay period. Your
contributions are intended to cover the costs of benefits.
Except for associates who work in New York, the short‑term
disability plans are self‑insured. This means no insurance
company collects premiums and pays benefits. However,
the maternity benefit is self-insured for all associates,
including those who work in New York. The company
currently funds benefits under the self-insured short‑term
disability plan from the company’s general assets.
For associates who work in New York, benefits provided
under the short‑term disability basic plan and the New York
short‑term disability enhanced plan are insured by Lincoln.
How the Walmart short-term
disability benefit is administered
Except as otherwise provided, the short‑term disability plans
are administered by Sedgwick Claims Management Services,
Inc. (Sedgwick). With respect to any benefit payments
made under a short‑term disability plan that is administered
by Sedgwick, the Plan Administrator has delegated the
fiduciary authority to Sedgwick for determining claims for
benefits and hearing-related appeals.
Details follow regarding the administration of non‑maternity
disability coverage available for associates in states and
localities with legally mandated plans. For details regarding
the administration of short‑term disability plan maternity
benefits, see Maternity benefit later in this chapter.
When you qualify for benefits
To be eligible to receive short‑term disability benefits
under either short-term disability plan, you must meet the
following requirements:
• Your coverage must be effective.
• Your disability must have occurred on or after the
effective date of your coverage.
• You must be on active status at the time of your disability
unless:
– You are on leave of absence or layoff as described later
in this chapter under If you go on a leave of absence or
experience a temporary layoff, or
– You are unable to work because you have experienced
medical complications during pregnancy or post-partum
and have exhausted the nine-week short-term disability
maternity benefit, as described later in this chapter
under Maternity benefit. 
Full-time hourly short‑term disability
167
• Except as otherwise provided in the Maternity benefit
section, you must submit medical evidence provided by
a qualified doctor that you are disabled as defined below
(for purposes of this chapter, the term “doctor” includes
legally licensed physicians and practitioners who are not
related to you and who are performing services within
the scope of their licenses, including medical doctors
[M.D.], osteopaths [D.O.], nurse practitioners, physician’s
assistants, psychologists, or other medical practitioners
whose services would be eligible for reimbursement
if submitted for reimbursement under the Associates’
Medical Plan).
• You must receive approval by Sedgwick or Lincoln (as
applicable) of your claim.
These conditions apply whether you are enrolled in the
short‑term disability basic or enhanced plan or the New
York short‑term disability enhanced plan. Sedgwick or
Lincoln may require written proof of your disability, as
defined below, or additional information before making a
decision on your claim. A statement by your doctor that
you are unable to work does not by itself prove that you are
disabled. Approval of a medical leave of absence also does
not prove that you are disabled.
Except as otherwise provided in the Maternity benefit section,
for purposes of benefits provided under a short‑term disability
plan, as described in this chapter, “disabled” or “disability”
means that (i) you are unable to perform the essential duties of
your job for your normal work schedule, or a license required
for your job duties has been suspended due to a mental or
LEGALLY MANDATED PLANS
If you work in a state or locality with a legally mandated plan, differences in laws and administrative procedures affect your
eligibility to participate in a Walmart short‑term disability plan, as well as the amount of your disability benefit. See below for
general information. Call the number listed in the Resources chart for details about benefits in these states or localities. See
Maternity benefit for information about the maternity benefit, including information about administration.
Legally mandated plans,
administered by your state
If you work in California or Rhode Island, you are not eligible to participate in a Walmart
short‑term disability plan. Your disability benefit is administered by the state. You may still be
eligible for the maternity benefit* under the Walmart short-term disability basic plan.
Legally mandated plans,
administered by Lincoln
If you work in Hawaii or New Jersey, you are not eligible to participate in a Walmart short‑term
disability plan. Your disability benefit is provided in accordance with the state program and is
insured and administered by Lincoln. You may still be eligible for the maternity benefit* under
the Walmart short-term disability basic plan.
If you work in New York, you are eligible to participate in the Walmart short‑term disability basic
plan and the New York short‑term disability enhanced plan to supplement your state benefit.
Your benefits under these plans are insured and administered by Lincoln.
Legally mandated plans,
administered by Sedgwick
If you work in Connecticut, Massachusetts, Washington, D.C., or Washington state, you
are eligible to participate in a Walmart short‑term disability plan to supplement your legally
mandated benefits, which are administered by Sedgwick.*
*The amount of any benefit paid under a Walmart short‑term disability plan will be reduced by the amount of the legally mandated
benefit Sedgwick estimates you are eligible to receive from the state or locality, regardless of whether you apply for that legally
mandated benefit. If the benefit available to you under any state or locally mandated plan is less than the benefit available to you under
a Walmart short-term disability plan, the combined total of the benefit available to you under a Walmart short-term disability plan and
the benefit available to you under any state or locally mandated plan will not exceed the benefits that would have been available under
the Walmart short-term disability plan you are enrolled in, if you had not worked in a state with a legally mandated plan. You will be
required to provide your award letter from the state or locality to Sedgwick. If Sedgwick overestimated what your legally mandated
benefit would be, meaning that you were paid less under the short‑term disability plan than you were entitled to, you will be paid the
difference in a lump sum payment. If Sedgwick underestimated what your legally mandated benefit would be, meaning that you were
paid more under the short‑term disability plan than you were entitled to, you must repay any amount overpaid to you. See the Right to
recover overpayment section later in this chapter.
Full-time hourly short‑term disability
168
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
physical illness or injury, or pregnancy, and (ii) you are under
the continuous care of a qualified doctor and are following
the course of treatment prescribed by your doctor.
Disability benefits are payable during a loss
of license only while you are disabled and
pursuing reinstatement of your license on a
timely basis. Timely pursuit of reinstatement
means you apply for reinstatement when your
condition meets the criteria, and you provide
information and forms requested by the
licensing agency on a timely basis until your
license is reinstated. Loss of license by itself
is not sufficient for meeting the definition of
disability. The determination of whether you
are disabled is made by Sedgwick (or Lincoln,
as applicable) on the basis of objective
medical evidence, which consists of facts and
findings, including but not limited to X‑rays,
laboratory reports, tests, consulting physician
reports, as well as reports and chart notes
from your doctor.
If your disability is caused by a mental
illness or substance use disorder, you are
encouraged to seek treatment within 30
days from the first date of absence from
a psychologist, psychiatrist, licensed
counselor, drug and alcohol counselor,
or clinical social worker who specializes
in mental health and/or substance use
disorders, and is licensed pursuant to state
law. See the Resources for Living chapter for
information on resources that are available if
you are experiencing the effects of a mental
illness or substance use disorder.
If Sedgwick or Lincoln requests that you be examined by
an independent doctor, you must attend the exam to be
considered for benefits. The company will pay the cost of
any such examination.
The maximum length of any one period of disability during
which disability benefits are paid, even if the disability is the
result of more than one cause, is 25 weeks, after the initial
waiting period of seven calendar days. See also If you return
to work and become disabled again.
See the Maternity benefit section for additional details
regarding the maternity benefit.
When benefits are not paid
Short‑term disability benefits will not be paid for an illness
or injury that:
• Arose before your coverage became effective
• Is not under the care of and being treated by a qualified
doctor
• Is caused by taking part in an insurrection, rebellion or a
riot or civil disorder
• Resulted from your commission of or attempt to commit
a crime (e.g., assault, battery, felony, or any illegal
occupation or activity), or
• Resulted from doing any work for pay or profit (for
example, an illness or injury that is related to work outside
of Walmart or related to your Walmart work for which
workers’ compensation benefits are paid, or may be paid, if
properly claimed).
Filing a claim
If you become disabled, file your claim for benefits
promptly. A delay in filing could result in delayed benefit
payment, disruption in your wages, or the denial of your
claim. To file a claim for short-term disability benefits,
follow these steps:
STEP 1: Contact Sedgwick by going to One.Walmart.com/
LOA > mySedgwick, or calling 800-492-5678 to apply for a
leave of absence and file a short‑term disability claim as soon
as you know you will be absent from work due to an illness,
injury, or pregnancy. Sedgwick will send you an initial packet
providing the information you will need and describing any
actions you will need to take. Notify your manager if your
illness or injury is related to your Walmart work, so a workers’
compensation claim can be initiated. Your claim cannot be
fully processed until you have stopped working.
Unless you work in Hawaii, New Jersey, or New York, you
must submit your short‑term disability claim to Sedgwick
within 90 days of the date your disability begins. Claims
filed later than 90 days after the date of disability may be
denied unless Sedgwick determines you had good cause for
filing late.
If you work in Hawaii, New Jersey, or New York, you must
submit your claim to Sedgwick within 30 days of the date
your disability begins. Sedgwick will notify Lincoln, which
then manages your disability claim.
Full-time hourly short‑term disability
169
If you work in California, Connecticut,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Washington,
D.C., or Washington state, you must request
and file a disability claim with the state or
locality. You must submit your short-term
disability claim to Sedgwick within 90 days of
the date your disability begins. Claims filed
later than 90 days after the date of disability
may be denied unless Sedgwick determines
you had good cause for filing late. Your state
or locality may have a different filing period,
and you are advised to promptly apply to
your state or locality for state-mandated
benefits. Refer to the Resources chart at
the beginning of the chapter for contact
information. If you work in Washington, D.C.,
you will generally not receive benefits for
periods prior to the date of application for
benefits, except in emergency situations,
so it’s important to file with the state as soon
as you can. If you work in a state or locality
where you are not eligible to participate in a
Walmart short-term disability plan, you may
still be eligible for the maternity benefit.
See the Maternity benefit section for
additional details.
STEP 2: Tell your doctor’s office that it will be contacted
and asked to complete an attending physician’s statement
and provide medical information, including:
• Diagnosis
• Disability date and expected duration of disability
• Restrictions and limitations
• Physical and/or cognitive exam findings and test results
• Treatment plan, and
• Doctor visit notes.
You must sign a form authorizing your doctor to release
this information. (This release will be included in the
initial packet that you receive from Sedgwick; however,
if you are filing your claim online, an electronic signature
is accepted.)
STEP 3: Follow up with your doctor to ensure that
information was forwarded to Sedgwick. Any delay in sending
information to Sedgwick could result in a delay, or denial, in
the processing of your claim and the payment of benefits.
Claims are determined under the time frames and
requirements set out in the Claims and appeals chapter.
You have the right to appeal a claim denial. See the Claims
and appeals chapter for details.
You may be required to provide written proof of your
disability or additional medical information before your
claim is approved.
When benefits begin
If your short-term disability claim is approved, the
benefits will begin after a waiting period of seven calendar
days, on the eighth calendar day after your disability
begins. If your claim for short‑term disability benefits is
retroactively approved, any benefit payments that would
have otherwise been paid to you while your claim decision
was pending will be made to you in a lump sum payment
when approved.
For your pay to continue during the initial waiting period
of seven calendar days, you may use paid time off (PTO).
You should not use PTO beyond the initial seven-day
waiting period while a claim decision is pending or for
any period for which short-term disability benefits
are approved. If you are later found to be ineligible for
short‑term disability benefits, you may go back and
use PTO for any time that was unpaid. Walmart and/or
Sedgwick may seek repayment of any PTO used for
days when disability benefits were approved. Upon
repayment, any PTO balance will be restored.
If you are receiving short‑term disability benefits at the
end of the PTO plan year, please refer to your location’s
PTO policy for payout and/or carryover information.
You do not accrue additional PTO while receiving
short‑term disability benefits.
Full-time hourly short‑term disability
170
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Calculating your benefit
The amount of your weekly short‑term disability benefit is
based on:
• Your average weekly wage
• The duration of your disability, and
• Whether you are enrolled in the short‑term disability basic
plan or enhanced plan.
Your average weekly wage is defined as follows:
AVERAGE WEEKLY WAGE
Length of
employment How average weekly wage is determined
Employed 12
months or more
Your earnings for the 26 pay periods*
immediately preceding your last day
worked ÷ 52 weeks
For example, the average weekly wage for
an associate with earnings of $36,400 for
the prior 26 pay periods is $700
($36,400 ÷ 52)
Employed less
than 12 months
Earnings since date of hire ÷ number of
weeks worked
For example, the average weekly wage for
an associate with earnings of $8,400 for
12 weeks of work is $700 ($8,400 ÷ 12)
*Any pay periods in which you have no earnings are
excluded, decreasing the number of pay periods used for
the calculation. To the extent your earnings were paid on a
weekly basis during the 12-month period, the number of pay
periods used to calculate your average weekly wage will be
adjusted accordingly.
Your short-term disability benefits are paid biweekly.
If your disability benefit is payable for less than a week, your
disability benefit for each day that you are disabled during
that week will be 1/7 of the weekly benefit.
Earnings used to determine average weekly wage include:
• Regular earnings for the 26 pay periods prior to your last
day worked
• Overtime
• Regularly scheduled target incentive bonuses that you and
associates in similarly situated job types or job levels are
eligible to earn
• Paid time off and similar pay that replaces regular earnings
(e.g., bereavement leave, jury duty leave, and sick time)
Earnings used to determine average weekly wage exclude:
• Any previously paid disability benefits
• Commissions or any other extra compensation or fringe
benefits not listed above
If you have been employed less than 12 months, an annualized
average of earnings will be used.
A hypothetical benefit calculation is shown in the next
column, using an average weekly wage of $700.
YOUR SHORT‑TERM DISABILITY BENEFIT: AN EXAMPLE
If you have Your benefit is
Short‑term disability
basic plan coverage
50% of your average weekly wage
Average weekly wage: $700
50% of $700: $350
Short-term
disability enhanced
plan coverage
60% of your average weekly wage
Average weekly wage: $700
60% of $700: $420 weekly benefit
(While calculated weekly, short-term
disability benefits are paid biweekly.)
NOTE: If you are eligible for legally mandated benefits as
well as benefits under a Walmart short‑term disability plan,
the amount of the benefit under the Walmart short‑term
disability plan will be reduced by the amount of the legally
mandated benefit Sedgwick estimates that you will receive.
See Legally mandated plans earlier in this chapter.
MATERNITY BENEFIT
See the When you qualify for benefits section for general
requirements applicable to all disability benefits under a
short-term disability plan, including the maternity benefit.
There are some exceptions to those general rules that apply
to the maternity benefit. Those exceptions are discussed in
this section.
If you work in California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or
Rhode Island, the discussion applies to you, unless as
otherwise indicated.
The maternity benefit is 100% of your average weekly wage
for up to the first nine weeks of leave, after an initial waiting
period of seven calendar days. Disability payments begin on
the eighth calendar day after your disability begins.
If your disability is due to pregnancy, the date of your disability
is generally on or up to two weeks prior to your expected date
of delivery. If you begin your short-term disability leave during
this time frame, you will be deemed to meet the definition of
disability. If you begin your leave more than two weeks prior
to your expected delivery date, you will be required to provide
objective medical evidence to demonstrate you are disabled,
as defined in the When you qualify for benefits section. If
you are disabled, as defined in that section, you will begin
your short-term disability maternity benefit on the date you
are determined to be disabled. In no event will the maternity
benefit exceed nine weeks.
If you do not begin your short-term disability leave on your
delivery date, you must meet the plan’s definition of disabled,
as defined in the When you qualify for benefits section.
In that case, any disability benefit will be subject to rules
applicable to non-maternity disability benefits and depend on
whether you are eligible for a Walmart short-term disability
plan. To the extent you are eligible for a disability benefit, 
Full-time hourly short‑term disability
171
that benefit would be determined under the short-term
disability basic benefit or the short-term disability enhanced
plan. You will not be eligible for the maternity benefit
described in this section.
If you experience medical complications during pregnancy
or post-partum and are eligible for non-maternity disability
benefits under a short-term disability plan and continue to
meet the definition of disability after the first nine weeks
of maternity benefits, the short‑term disability basic plan
will pay up to 50% of your average weekly wage and the
enhanced plan will pay up to 60% of your average weekly
wage, from week 10 up to 25 weeks of benefit payments.
If you work in California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode
Island, and if your disability is due to pregnancy, your
eligibility for the maternity benefit under the short‑term
disability basic plan is subject to the following:
• If you are eligible for legally mandated short‑term disability
benefits as a result of your pregnancy, the Walmart
short‑term disability maternity benefit supplements the
legally mandated short‑term disability benefit, as shown in
the chart below.
• If you are not eligible for legally mandated short‑term
disability benefits as a result of your pregnancy, the
short‑term disability maternity benefit is equal to 100%
of your average weekly wage up to the first nine weeks,
after an initial waiting period of seven calendar days. The
short‑term disability maternity benefit will end after
nine weeks.
If you work in Hawaii, New Jersey, or New York,
your short‑term disability plan maternity benefit is
administered by Lincoln and Sedgwick. If you work in
any of these states, you should file a claim for maternity
benefits with Sedgwick, who will notify Lincoln (see
Filing a claim, Step 1, earlier in this chapter). Sedgwick
administers short‑term disability plan maternity benefit
for associates who work in all other states and localities.
The maternity benefit, as described above, is summarized here:
MATERNITY BENEFIT
Your work location (state or locality)* Up to 9 weeks** Beyond 9 weeks** (up to 25 total weeks)
If you work in a state or locality with no legally
mandated plan
100% of your average weekly wage
after an initial waiting period of
7 calendar days.
If you experience medical complications
during pregnancy or post‑partum,
benefits may be payable under the
short‑term disability basic or enhanced
plan, as described above.
If (i) you work in a state or locality with a legally
mandated plan, (ii) you are eligible to receive
the state benefit due to your pregnancy, and
(iii) you work in a location eligible for the
Walmart short-term basic or enhanced plan
100% of your average weekly wage,
reduced by any legally mandated
benefits that are payable at the
applicable state or local government
rate, after an initial waiting period of 7
calendar days.
Additional benefits may be available
through your state or local government
and benefits may be payable under the
short‑term disability basic or enhanced
plan, as described above.
If (i) you work in a state or locality with a legally
mandated plan, (ii) you are eligible to receive the
state benefit due to your pregnancy, and
(iii) you do not work in a location eligible for
the Walmart short-term disability basic or
enhanced plan
100% of your average weekly wage,
reduced by any legally mandated
benefits that are payable at the
applicable state or local government
rate, after an initial waiting period of 7
calendar days.
Additional benefits may be available
through your state or local government.
If (i) you work in a state or locality with a legally
mandated plan, (ii) you are not eligible to receive
the state or local government benefit due to
your pregnancy, and (iii) you work in a location
eligible for the Walmart short-term disability
basic or enhanced plan
100% of your average weekly wage
after an initial waiting period of
7 calendar days.
If you experience medical complications
during pregnancy or post‑partum,
benefits may be payable under the
short‑term disability basic or enhanced
plan, as described above.
If (i) you work in a state or locality with a
legally mandated plan, (ii) you are not eligible
to receive the state or local government
benefit due to your pregnancy, and (iii) you do
not work in a location eligible for the Walmart
short-term disability basic or enhanced plan
100% of your average weekly wage
after an initial waiting period of
7 calendar days.
The Walmart short‑term disability basic
and enhanced plans are not available;
maternity benefits end after the first 9
weeks of benefit payments.
Benefits are paid biweekly through your payroll check.
*If you work in California, Hawaii, New Jersey, or Rhode Island, Sedgwick will estimate the benefit available to you under the state
plan, regardless of whether you have applied for state benefits.
**You may be eligible for parental pay equal to 100% of your average weekly wage under Walmart’s Parental Pay Policy. You cannot
receive parental pay while receiving short‑term disability maternity benefits. For more information, refer to the Parental Pay
Policy on One.Walmart.com.
Full-time hourly short‑term disability
172
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
TAXES AND YOUR SHORT-TERM
DISABILITY BENEFIT
The taxation of benefits payable to you depends on whether
you are enrolled in the short‑term disability basic plan or
enhanced plan. If you are enrolled in short‑term disability
basic plan, benefits payable to you are subject to taxes.
This is because you do not make contributions to the
short‑term disability basic plan, and you do not pay any tax
on the coverage that Walmart provides. If you are enrolled
in short‑term disability enhanced plan, only a portion of your
benefits will be taxed, because both Walmart and you pay for
the cost of the coverage through a combination of Walmart
pretax and associate after‑tax contributions. Walmart
generally withholds federal, state, local, and Social Security
taxes from the portion of your benefit that is taxable.
If you work in New York, please contact Lincoln for
information regarding the taxation of your short‑term
disability plan basic or enhanced benefits. Associates in
other states or localities with legally mandated benefits who
are not eligible to participate in the short‑term disability
basic or enhanced plans should either contact Lincoln (if
you work in Hawaii or New Jersey) or the state or locality in
which you are located for information about the tax status
of state or local benefits.
The Plan Administrator cannot guarantee the specific tax
consequences that will result from your receipt of benefits
under a Walmart short‑term disability plan. The Plan
Administrator is not providing legal advice. If you need an
answer upon which you can rely, you may wish to consult
a tax advisor.
RIGHT TO RECOVER OVERPAYMENT
The Plan has the right to recover from you, and you must
repay, any amount overpaid to you for short‑term disability
benefits under a Walmart short-term disability plan. See The
Plan’s right to recover overpayment and The Plan’s right to
salary/wage deduction in the Claims and appeals chapter.
If you do not repay overpaid amounts in a timely manner,
the company will first deduct these amounts from future
disability payments (if any). If there is a remaining amount
due after any deductions from future disability payments,
then the company may, in its discretion, either (i) treat
overpaid amounts as taxable wages to you (reportable on
your Form W‑2), or (ii) deduct overpaid amounts from your
paycheck, to the extent permitted by law.
When short-term disability benefit
payments end
If you are receiving short‑term disability benefits under a
Walmart short-term disability plan, your benefit payments
will end on the earliest of:
• The date you no longer meet the short-term disability
plan’s definition of disabled
• The date you fail to furnish the required proof of disability
when requested to do so by Sedgwick or Lincoln
• The date you are no longer under the continuous care and
treatment of a qualified doctor
• The date you refuse to be examined, if Sedgwick or Lincoln
requires you to be examined
• The last day of the maximum period for which benefits are
payable
• The date you are medically able and qualified to work in a
similar full‑time position offered to you by Walmart, or
• The date of your death.
If your short‑term disability benefits end and you do
not return to work for any reason, you must request
an extension of your leave of absence (refer to the
Resources chart at the beginning of the chapter for
contact information). Failure to do so may result in your
employment being terminated.
Benefits provided under a state or locally mandated
program may have different end dates from Walmart’s
short-term disability plan.
Returning to work
Sedgwick will contact you before your expected return‑
to‑work date and advise you of steps you may need to
take, including getting a return‑to‑work certification
completed by your doctor. In some cases, your doctor
may release you to work with certain medical restrictions;
any such restrictions should be explicitly stated on your
return‑to‑work certification or written release. If you
receive a return‑to‑work certification containing medical
restrictions, you may be subject to a review to determine
whether a job adjustment or accommodation will help you
return to work.
Full-time hourly short‑term disability
173
To ensure a smooth transition back to work and avoid a
potential impact to your pay, you will need to contact
Sedgwick up to four days prior to your actual return-towork date. If your return-to-work date changes, you should
notify Sedgwick immediately. If your short‑term disability
benefits have ended and you have not returned to work or
communicated your intentions, Sedgwick will notify you of
your options, which include requesting an extension of your
leave or voluntarily terminating your employment. Failure
to request an extension may result in your employment
being terminated.
If you return to work within 30 days of the end of your
approved disability period, you will be reinstated to
the disability coverage you had prior to your disability.
If you do not return to work within 30 days of the end
of your approved disability period, your coverage will
lapse on the 31st day. However, your coverage will be
reinstated if you return to active status within one year
(you will not be required to satisfy the 12‑month eligibility
waiting period again).
IF YOU RETURN TO WORK AND BECOME
DISABLED AGAIN
If you return to work for 30 calendar days or less and
you are classified as a full-time associate on active status
(with or without medical restrictions) and become disabled
again from the same or a related condition that caused
the first period of disability, as determined by Sedgwick
or Lincoln, known as a “relapse/recurrent claim,” your
short‑term disability benefits will pick up where they
left off before you came back to work. There will be no
additional waiting period of seven calendar days. The
combined benefit duration for both periods of disability
will not exceed 25 weeks.
If you have returned as a full-time associate and are on
active status for more than 30 calendar days and then
become disabled from the same or a related condition,
it will be considered a new disability, and you may be
able to receive up to 25 weeks of benefits following
your completion of a new seven-calendar-day benefit
waiting period.
If you return as a full-time associate and are on active status
for any number of calendar days and then become disabled
from a new and unrelated condition, it will be considered
a new disability, and you may qualify for up to 25 weeks of
benefits. A new benefit waiting period of seven calendar
days will apply.
If you go on a leave of absence or
experience a temporary layoff
If you are not on active status due to a leave of absence or
temporary layoff, your eligibility for short‑term disability
benefits will continue for 90 days from your last day of
work. Your eligibility for short‑term disability benefits
ends on the 91st day after the beginning of your leave of
absence or temporary layoff, but is reinstated to your prior
coverage if you return to active work status within one year
(you will not be required to satisfy the 12‑month waiting
period again). See Keeping your premiums current in the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for
more information, including details on paying for benefits
while on leave.
When coverage ends
Subject to the ability to have benefits reinstated in certain
circumstances (as described under Returning to work
above), your short‑term disability basic plan and enhanced
plan coverage ends on the earliest of:
• The date your employment terminates
• The last day of the pay period when your job status
changes from an eligible job status
• The date of your death
• The 91st day of a leave of absence or layoff (unless you
return to work)
• The 31st day following the end of your approved disability
period (unless you return to work), or
• The date the short-term disability benefit is no longer
offered by the company.
In addition, coverage under the short‑term disability
enhanced plan will end if you voluntarily drop your
coverage. See the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective
dates chapter for information.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you are a full-time hourly associate, see the If you leave
the company and are rehired section in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for details
regarding the impact to your benefits of terminating
employment with the company and then returning to work.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
This information does not create an express or implied contract of employment or any other contractual
commitment. Walmart may modify this information at its sole discretion without notice, at any time,
consistent with applicable law.
Salaried short‑term
disability plan
Your short-term disability benefit 176
How salaried short-term disability is administered 176
When you qualify for benefits 177
When benefits are not paid 177
Filing a claim 178
Your pay after filing a claim 178
Benefits determination 178
When benefits begin 179
Calculating your benefit 180
When short-term disability benefit payments end 182
Returning to work 182
If you go on a leave of absence or experience a temporary layoff 183
When coverage ends 183
If you leave the company and are rehired 183
The information in this chapter describes short-term disability
benefits that may be available to you if:
• You are an eligible salaried (management) associate (truck drivers: see next chapter), and
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Salaried short‑term disability plan
175
Salaried short-term disability plan
If pregnancy, a scheduled surgery, or an unexpected illness or injury keeps you off the job for an
extended period, this plan for salaried associates can protect part of your paycheck. When you can’t
work, the Walmart salaried short-term disability plan works for you.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
To file a claim or get more information Go to One.Walmart.com/LOA
> mySedgwick
Call Sedgwick at 800-492-5678
To file a state benefit claim if you work
in any of the following areas:
California (eCommerce associates)
Connecticut
Massachusetts
Washington, D.C.
Washington state
Go to edd.ca.gov
Go to ctpaidleave.org
Go to paidleave.mass.gov
Go to dcpaidfamilyleave.dc.gov
Go to paidleave.wa.gov
Call 800-480-3287
Call 877-499-8606
Call 833-344-7365
Call 202-899-3700
Call 833-717-2273
Request an appeal of a denied
short‑term disability claim
Go to One.Walmart.com/LOA
> mySedgwick
Call Sedgwick at 800-492-5678
What you need to know about salaried short-term disability
• This chapter describes disability benefits available to you under the short-term disability plan.
• The salaried short-term disability plan replaces 100% of your base pay for up to six weeks and 75% of your base
pay for up to 19 additional weeks. (Different rules may apply to work‑related disabilities that qualify for workers’
compensation through Walmart. See the chart titled Your salaried short‑term disability plan benefit for more
information.)
• If your disability is due to pregnancy, the short‑term disability plan replaces 100% of your base pay for nine weeks.
Additional benefits may be payable after the first nine weeks of benefits if you experience medical complications
during pregnancy or post‑partum. For details, see Maternity benefit later in this chapter.
• The salaried short-term disability plan is not a benefit covered by ERISA and is not part of the Associates’ Health
and Welfare Plan.
• The claims and appeals procedures described in this chapter apply to the salaried short-term disability benefit
rather than the procedures in the Claims and appeals chapter.
Salaried short‑term disability plan
176
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Your short-term disability benefit
If you become disabled as defined in the When you qualify
for benefits section later in this chapter and are eligible
to receive short-term disability benefits, the salaried
short‑term disability plan generally pays 100% of your
base pay for up to six weeks of an approved disability,
after an initial waiting period of seven calendar days of
continuous disability. (Disabilities that qualify for workers’
compensation through Walmart are treated differently,
as described in the chart titled Your salaried short‑term
disability plan benefit.) If you remain disabled and eligible
for benefits after the first six weeks of disability payments,
the salaried short‑term disability plan will pay 75% of your
base pay for up to 19 additional weeks.
If your disability is due to pregnancy, the salaried short‑term
disability plan pays a maternity benefit of 100% of your base
pay for the first nine weeks, after an initial waiting period
of seven calendar days. If you remain disabled and eligible
for benefits after the first nine weeks of disability pay, the
salaried short‑term disability plan will pay 75% of your base
pay for up to 16 additional weeks of benefit payments.
How salaried short-term disability
is administered
Salaried short‑term disability coverage is administered by
Sedgwick Claims Management Services, Inc. (Sedgwick) and
is provided by the company at no cost to you.
LEGALLY MANDATED PLANS
Short‑term disability benefits provided by individual states
and local governments generally have no impact on your
eligibility for the Walmart salaried short‑term disability
plan, unless you are an eCommerce salaried associate
who works in California or you work in Connecticut,
Massachusetts, Washington, D.C., or Washington state.
Rules applicable to these state and local plans can be found
in the following chart.
LEGALLY MANDATED PLANS
If you are an eCommerce salaried associate
who works in California or a salaried
associate who works in Connecticut,
Massachusetts, Washington, D.C., or
Washington state
You are eligible to participate in the Walmart salaried short‑term disability plan to
supplement your state benefits.
The amount of the benefit under the salaried short-term disability plan will be
reduced by the amount of the legally mandated benefit Sedgwick estimates that
you are eligible to receive from the state or locality, regardless of whether you
apply for that legally mandated benefit. If the benefit available to you under any
state or locally mandated plan is less than the benefit available to you under the
Walmart short-term disability plan, the combined total of the benefit available to
you under the Walmart short-term disability plan and the benefit available to you
under any state or locally mandated plan will not exceed the benefits that would
have been available under the Walmart short-term disability plan if you had not
worked in a state or locality with a legally mandated plan. You are responsible for
providing your award letter from the state or locality to Sedgwick. If Sedgwick
overestimated what your mandated benefit would be, meaning that you were paid
less under the salaried short‑term disability plan than you were entitled to, you
will be paid the difference in a lump sum payment. If Sedgwick underestimated
what your mandated benefit would be, meaning that you were paid more under
the salaried short‑term disability plan than you were entitled to, you must repay
any amount overpaid to you. See the Right to recover overpayment section later
in this chapter. 
Salaried short‑term disability plan
177
When you qualify for benefits
To be eligible to receive short‑term disability benefits, you
must meet the following requirements:
• Your coverage must be effective.
• Your disability must have occurred on or after the
effective date of your coverage.
• You must be on active status at the time of your
disability unless:
– You are on leave of absence or layoff as described later
in this chapter under If you go on a leave of absence or
experience a temporary layoff, or
– You are unable to work because you have experienced
medical complications during pregnancy or post-partum
and have exhausted the nine-week short-term disability
plan maternity benefit, as described later in this chapter
under Maternity benefit.
• Except as otherwise provided in the Maternity benefit
section in this chapter, you must submit medical evidence
provided by a qualified doctor that you are disabled as
defined by the salaried short‑term disability plan (for
purposes of this chapter, the term “doctor” includes legally
licensed physicians and practitioners who are not related to
you and who are performing services within the scope of
their licenses, including medical doctors [M.D.], osteopaths
[D.O.], nurse practitioners, physician’s assistants,
psychologists, or other medical practitioners whose
services would be eligible for reimbursement if submitted
for reimbursement under the Associates’ Medical Plan).
• You must receive approval by Sedgwick of your claim.
Sedgwick may require written proof of your disability, as
defined later in this chapter, or additional information
before making a decision on your claim. A statement by
your doctor that you are unable to work does not by itself
prove that you are disabled. Approval of a medical leave of
absence also does not constitute approval for short‑term
disability benefits.
If your disability is caused by a mental
illness or substance use disorder, you are
encouraged to seek treatment within
30 days from the first date of absence
from a psychologist, psychiatrist, licensed
counselor, drug and alcohol counselor,
or clinical social worker who specializes
in mental health and/or substance use
disorders, and is licensed pursuant to state
law. See the Resources for Living chapter
for information on resources that are
available if you are experiencing the effects
of a mental illness or substance use disorder.
Except as otherwise provided in the Maternity benefit
section, for purposes of benefits provided under the
short‑term disability plan, “disabled” or “disability” means
that (i) you are unable to perform the essential duties of
your job for your normal work schedule, or a license required
for your job duties has been suspended due to a mental or
physical illness or injury, or pregnancy, and (ii) you are under
the continuous care of a qualified doctor and are following
the course of treatment prescribed by your doctor.
Disability benefits are payable during a loss of license only
while you are disabled and pursuing reinstatement of your
license on a timely basis. Timely pursuit of reinstatement
means you apply for reinstatement when your condition
meets the criteria and you provide information and forms
requested by the licensing agency on a timely basis until your
license is reinstated. Loss of license by itself is not sufficient
for meeting the definition of disability. The determination
of whether you are disabled is made by Sedgwick on the
basis of objective medical evidence, which consists of facts
and findings, including but not limited to X‑rays, laboratory
reports, tests, consulting physician reports as well as reports
and chart notes from your physician.
If Sedgwick requests that you be examined by an
independent doctor, you must attend the exam to be
considered for benefits. The company will pay the cost of
any such examination.
The maximum length of any one period of disability during
which disability benefits are paid, even if the disability is the
result of more than one cause, is 25 weeks, after the initial
waiting period of seven calendar days. See also If you return
to work and become disabled again.
See the Maternity benefit section of this chapter for
additional details regarding the maternity benefit.
When benefits are not paid
Short‑term disability benefits will not be paid for an illness
or injury that:
• Arose before your coverage became effective
• Is not under the care of and being treated by a
qualified doctor
• Is caused by taking part in an insurrection, rebellion, or
a riot, or civil disorder
• Resulted from your commission of or attempt to commit
a crime (e.g., assault, battery, felony, or any illegal
occupation or activity), or
• Resulted from doing any work for pay or profit (for
example, an illness or injury that is related to work outside
of Walmart).
Salaried short‑term disability plan
178
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Filing a claim
If you become disabled, file your claim for benefits
promptly. A delay in filing could result in delayed benefit
payment, disruption in your wages, or the denial of your
claim. If you experience a disabling illness or injury, or are
planning to begin maternity leave, follow these steps:
STEP 1: Notify Sedgwick to apply for a leave of absence
and file a short‑term disability claim as soon as you know
you will be absent from work due to an illness, injury,
or pregnancy. Sedgwick will send you an initial packet
providing the information you will need and describing
any actions you will need to take. Notify your manager if
your illness or injury is related to your Walmart work, so
a workers’ compensation claim can be initiated. Report
your disability online by going to One.Walmart.com/LOA >
mySedgwick, or calling 800-492-5678.
Processing of your claim cannot begin until you have
stopped working. All claims for benefits under Walmart’s
salaried short‑term disability plan must be submitted to
Sedgwick within 90 days of the date your disability begins.
Claims filed later than 90 days after the date of disability
may be denied unless Sedgwick determines you had good
cause for filing late.
Associates who work in Connecticut, Massachusetts,
Washington, D.C., and Washington state are advised to
promptly apply to Sedgwick and to your state or locality for
state‑mandated state benefits. Refer to the Resources chart
at the beginning of the chapter for contact information.
Note that associates in Washington, D.C. will generally not
receive benefits for periods prior to the date of application
for benefits, except in emergency situations.
STEP 2: Tell your doctor’s office that it will be contacted
and asked to complete an attending physician’s statement
and provide medical information, including:
• Diagnosis
• Disability date and expected duration of disability
• Restrictions and limitations
• Physical and/or cognitive exam findings and test results
• Treatment plan, and
• Doctor visit notes.
You must sign a form authorizing your doctor to release this
information. This release will be included in the initial packet
that you receive from Sedgwick; however, if you are filing
your claim online, an electronic signature is accepted.
STEP 3: Follow up with your doctor to ensure that
information was forwarded to the disability administrator.
You may be required to provide written proof of your
disability or additional medical information before your
benefit payments begin.
If you become disabled, file your claim for
benefits promptly. A delay in filing could
result in delayed benefit payment, disruption
in your wages, or the denial of your claim.
Your pay after filing a claim
Sedgwick will send you an initial packet when you file your
claim. You will have until the Medical Due Date, which is
stated in your initial packet, to provide the required medical
documentation. In order for your pay to continue during
the initial waiting period of seven calendar days, you may
use paid time off (PTO). Following your initial waiting period
of seven calendar days, your pay will continue until your
Medical Due Date; this pay is known as “provisional pay.”
Your pay will be suspended after your Medical Due Date if
the required medical documentation has not been approved.
Be sure to provide the required medical documentation as
soon as possible. If you do not meet the Medical Due Date
deadline, your pay will be suspended effective the first day
of the pay period in which it falls. If your claim is approved,
the approval will be effective as of the date of your
disability, and the provisional pay you received after your
seven-day waiting period and while your claim was pending
will count toward your disability benefit.
If your claim is denied before the Medical Due Date due
to your medical circumstances not meeting the salaried
short‑term disability plan’s definition of disability, your
provisional pay will be stopped and Walmart will commence
efforts to recover the amount paid to you for the period
following your illness or injury.
You will not receive provisional pay during any period when
a determination is being made regarding a relapse/recurrent
claim (see If you return to work and become disabled again
later in this chapter).
Benefits determination
Sedgwick makes a decision within 45 days of receiving
your properly filed claim. The time for a decision may be
extended for up to two additional 30‑day periods. You will
be notified in writing before any extension period that an
extension is necessary due to matters beyond Sedgwick’s
control. Those matters must be identified and you must
be given the date by which Sedgwick will make a decision.
If your claim is extended due to your failure to submit
information Sedgwick deems necessary to decide your
claim, the time for decision will be suspended as of the date
on which the notification of the extension is sent to you
until the date Sedgwick receives your response. If Sedgwick
approves your claim, the decision will contain information
sufficient to inform you of that decision.
Salaried short‑term disability plan
179
If Sedgwick denies your claim, you will be sent a written
notification of the denial, which will include:
• Specific reasons for the decision
• Specific reference to the policy provisions on which the
decision is based
• A description of any additional material or information
necessary for you to perfect the claim and an explanation
of why such material or information is necessary
• A description of the appeal procedures and time limits
applicable to such procedures, and
• If an internal rule, guideline, protocol, or other similar
criteria was relied upon in making the denial, either:
– The specific rule, guideline, protocol, or other similar
criteria, or
– A statement that such a rule, guideline, protocol, or
other similar criteria was relied upon in making the
denial and that a copy will be provided free of charge to
you upon request.
APPEALING A DISABILITY CLAIM THAT HAS
BEEN FULLY OR PARTIALLY DENIED
If your claim for benefits is denied and you would like
to appeal, you must submit a written or oral appeal to
Sedgwick within 180 days of the denial. Your appeal should
include any comments, documents, records, or any other
information you would like considered.
For associates in states or localities with legally mandated
plans, such as Connecticut, Massachusetts, Washington,
D.C., and Washington state, you should submit your
appeal directly to the state or local government. If you
are appealing your Sedgwick claim, file your appeal with
Sedgwick as noted below.
You have the right to request copies, free of charge, of all
documents, records, or other information relevant to your
claim. Your appeal will be reviewed, without regard to your
initial determination, by someone other than the party who
decided your initial claim.
Sedgwick will make a determination on your appeal within 45
days of the receipt of your appeal request. This period may be
extended by up to an additional 45 days if it is determined that
special circumstances require an extension of time. You will be
notified prior to the end of the 45‑day period if an extension
is required. If you are asked to provide additional information,
you will have 45 days from the date you are notified to provide
the information, and the time to make a determination will be
suspended until you provide the requested information (or the
deadline to provide the information, if earlier).
If your appeal is denied in whole or in part, you will receive a
written notification of the denial that will include:
• The specific reason(s) for the adverse determination
• Reference to the specific plan provisions on which the
determination was based
• A statement describing your right to request copies, free
of charge, of all documents, records, or other information
relevant to your claim
• A statement that you have the right to obtain, upon
request and free of charge, a copy of internal rules or
guidelines relied upon in making this determination, and
• A statement describing any appeal procedures offered by
the Plan.
VOLUNTARY SECOND APPEAL OF A SALARIED
SHORT-TERM DISABILITY CLAIM
If your appeal is denied, you may make a voluntary second
appeal of your denial orally or in writing to Sedgwick. You
must submit your second appeal within 180 days of the
receipt of the written notice of denial. You may submit any
written comments, documents, records, and any other
information relating to your claim. The same criteria and
response times that applied to your first appeal, as described
earlier, are generally applied to this voluntary second appeal.
All salaried short‑term disability appeals (initial appeals and
voluntary second appeals) should be sent to:
Walmart Disability and Leave Service Center at Sedgwick
National Appeals Unit
P.O. Box 14748
Lexington, Kentucky 40512-4748
When benefits begin
If your short-term disability claim is approved, the benefit
will begin after a waiting period of seven calendar days, on
the eighth calendar day after your disability begins. (There
is no waiting period for work‑related disabilities that qualify
for workers’ compensation through Walmart.)
For your pay to continue during the initial waiting period
of seven calendar days, you may use paid time off. Shortterm disability benefits begin on the eighth calendar day
after your eligible disability begins. You should not use PTO
beyond the initial seven-day waiting period while a claim
decision is pending or for any period for which short-term
disability benefits are approved (see Your pay after filing
a claim earlier in this chapter for information regarding
provisional pay that may apply after your initial waiting
period of seven calendar days). If you are later found to be
ineligible for short-term disability benefits, you may go back
and use PTO for any time that was unpaid. Walmart and/or
Sedgwick may seek repayment of any PTO used for days
when disability benefits were received. Upon repayment,
any PTO balance will be restored.
If you are receiving short‑term disability at the end of the
PTO plan year, please refer to your location’s PTO policy for
payout and/or carryover information.
You do not accrue additional PTO while you are receiving
short-term disability benefits.
Salaried short‑term disability plan
180
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Calculating your benefit
The amount of your short‑term disability benefit is based on:
• Your base pay as of your last day worked, and
• The duration of your disability.
Base pay, for purposes of the salaried short‑term disability benefit, is defined as follows:
ASSOCIATE TYPE BASE PAY
Exempt associates Gross biweekly salary
Non-exempt associates Hourly rate multiplied by normal hours scheduled per pay period
If you become disabled and eligible to receive short‑term disability benefits, the salaried short‑term disability plan pays
benefits as described below:
YOUR SALARIED SHORT‑TERM DISABILITY PLAN BENEFIT
Duration of your
disability
Your benefit is:
If your disability does not qualify for
workers’ compensation through Walmart
If you have a work-related disability that qualifies for workers’
compensation through Walmart
Up to 7 weeks After an initial waiting period of 7
calendar days, 100% of your base pay.
Benefits begin on the 8th calendar day.
You may use PTO during your first 7
calendar days of continuous disability.
100% of your base pay, with no initial waiting period.
More than 7 weeks,
up to 26 weeks
75% of your base pay.
For example, if your biweekly base pay
(as defined above) is $1,000, 75% of
$1,000 is a $750 biweekly benefit.
Short-term benefits are paid biweekly
through your payroll check.
Workers’ compensation benefits are payable at the applicable
state rate; short‑term disability benefits make up the
difference up to 75% of your base pay.
For example, if your base pay is $1,000 and workers’
compensation pays 66% for your disability, or $660, short‑term
disability will pay an additional $90, for a total benefit of $750.
(If the legally mandated workers’ compensation rate exceeds
75% of your base pay, you will not receive any short‑term
disability benefit.)
If a benefit is payable for less than a week, your disability benefit will be based on your base pay divided by your regular work
schedule for each day you are disabled.
If you are able to return to work after a period of short‑term disability and need to miss work periodically for reasons related to
your disability, notify Sedgwick and your facility of your situation. Your treatment may be covered under your prior short‑term
disability claim for up to 12 months from the date you return to work from your short‑term disability claim. Salaried short‑term
disability generally pays 100% of your base pay for the duration of your approved intermittent leave. You will not need to use PTO
for the absences.
NOTE: For associates who are eligible for legally mandated benefits (as noted in Legally mandated plans earlier in this chapter) as well
as benefits under Walmart’s salaried short‑term disability plan, the amount of the benefit under Walmart’s salaried short‑term disability
plan will be reduced by the amount of the legally mandated benefit Sedgwick estimates that they will receive.
WORKERS’ COMPENSATION AND YOUR SHORT-TERM DISABILITY BENEFITS
Workers’ compensation and short‑term disability benefits are made as separate payments, except in the states of Texas and
Wyoming, where the entire benefit is included in the payment you receive from Walmart.
If you are receiving workers’ compensation benefits for an unrelated injury or illness, any short‑term disability benefit for
which you are eligible will be reduced, or offset, by any workers’ compensation benefits you are eligible to receive.
Salaried short‑term disability plan
181
MATERNITY BENEFIT
Maternity benefits under the salaried short‑term disability plan are as described here:
MATERNITY BENEFIT
Duration of benefit Your benefit is:
If you are eligible for legally mandated benefits in California (for
eCommerce salaried associates); Connecticut; Massachusetts;
Washington, D.C.; and Washington state:
Up to 9 weeks* 100% of your base pay after
an initial waiting period of 7
calendar days.
Legally mandated benefits are payable at the applicable state or local
government rate; the Walmart salaried short‑term disability maternity
benefit will make up the difference between the state or local
government benefit and 100% of your base pay after an initial waiting
period of 7 calendar days.
Maternity benefits under the salaried short‑term disability plan begin on the 8th calendar day after
your eligible disability begins. You may use PTO during your first 7 calendar days of continuous disability.
Benefits are paid biweekly through your payroll check.
* You may also be eligible for parental pay and family care pay equal to 100% of your base pay. You cannot receive parental pay and family
care pay benefits while receiving short‑term disability maternity benefits. For more information, refer to the Parental Pay Policy and
Family Care Pay Policy on One.Walmart.com.
NOTE: For associates who are eligible for legally mandated benefits (as noted in Legally mandated plans earlier in this chapter) as
well as benefits under the salaried short‑term disability plan, the amount of the benefit under the salaried short‑term disability
plan will be reduced by the amount of the legally mandated benefit.
See the When you qualify for benefits section for general
requirements applicable to all disability benefits under the
short-term disability plan, including the maternity benefit.
There are some exceptions to those general rules that apply
to the maternity benefit. Those exceptions are discussed in
this section.
If your disability is due to pregnancy, the date of your
disability is generally on or up to two weeks prior to your
expected date of delivery. If you begin your short-term
disability leave during this time frame, you will be deemed
to meet the definition of disability. If you begin your leave
more than two weeks prior to your expected delivery date,
you will be required to provide objective medical evidence
to demonstrate you are disabled, as defined in the When
you qualify for benefits section. If you are disabled, as
defined in that section, you will begin your short-term
disability maternity benefit on the date you are determined
to be disabled. In no event will the maternity benefit exceed
nine weeks.
If you do not begin your short-term disability leave on
your delivery date, you must meet the plan’s definition of
disabled, as defined in the When you qualify for benefits
section. In that case, any disability benefit will be subject
to rules applicable to non‑maternity disability benefits.
To the extent you are eligible for a disability benefit, that
benefit would be determined under the rules applicable to
non‑maternity short-term disability. You will not be eligible
for the maternity benefit described in this section.
If you experience medical complications during pregnancy
or post‑partum and continue to meet the definition of
disability after the first nine weeks of maternity benefits,
the short term disability plan will provide disability benefits
of 75% of your base pay from week 10 up to 25 weeks of
benefit payments.
NOTE: For associates in states or localities with legally
mandated benefits, please refer to the Legally mandated
plans chart earlier in this chapter for information about
coordination of benefits.
TAXES AND YOUR SHORT-TERM
DISABILITY BENEFIT
Benefits payable to you under the salaried short‑term
disability plan are company‑provided, at no cost to you.
Because you do not make any contributions to the salaried
short‑term disability plan and you do not pay any tax on
the coverage that Walmart provides, any benefits payable
to you are subject to taxes. Walmart generally withholds
federal, state, local, and Social Security taxes from the
amount of your benefit payments.
Walmart cannot guarantee the specific tax consequences
that will result from your receipt of benefits under
Walmart’s short‑term disability plan. Walmart is not
providing legal advice. If you need an answer upon which
you can rely, you may wish to consult a tax advisor.
Salaried short‑term disability plan
182
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
RIGHT TO RECOVER OVERPAYMENT
The salaried short‑term disability plan has the right to
recover from you, and you must repay, any amount overpaid
to you for short‑term disability benefits under this plan. See
The Plan’s right to recover overpayment and The Plan’s right
to salary/wage deduction in the Claims and appeals chapter.
If you do not repay overpaid amounts in a timely manner,
the company will first deduct such amounts from future
disability payments (if any). If there is a remaining amount
due after any deductions from future disability payments,
then the company may, in its discretion, either (i) treat
overpaid amounts as taxable wages to you (reportable on
your Form W‑2), or (ii) deduct overpaid amounts from your
paycheck, to the extent permitted by law.
When short-term disability benefit
payments end
If you are receiving short‑term disability benefit payments
from the salaried short‑term disability plan due to an
approved disability, your benefit payments from the plan
will end on the earliest of:
• The date you no longer meet the short-term disability
plan’s definition of disabled
• The date you fail to furnish the required proof of disability
when requested to do so by Sedgwick
• The date you are no longer under the continuous care and
treatment of a qualified doctor
• The date you refuse to be examined, if Sedgwick requires
you to be examined
• The last day of the maximum period for which benefits
are payable
• The date you are medically able and qualified to work in a
similar full‑time position offered to you by Walmart
• The date your employment terminates, or
• The date of your death.
When your short‑term disability benefits end and for any
reason you do not return to work, you must request an
extension of your leave (refer to the Resources chart at the
beginning of the chapter for contact information). Failure to
do so may result in your employment being terminated.
Returning to work
Sedgwick will contact you before your expected
return‑to‑work date and advise you of steps you may need
to take, including getting a return‑to‑work certification
completed by your doctor. In some cases, your doctor
may release you to work with certain medical restrictions;
any such restrictions should be explicitly stated on your
return‑to‑work certification or written release. If you
receive a return‑to‑work certification containing medical
restrictions, you may be subject to a review to determine
whether a job adjustment or accommodation will help you
return to work.
To ensure a smooth transition back to work and avoid a
potential impact to your pay, you will need to contact
Sedgwick up to four days prior to your actual return-towork date. If your return-to-work date changes, you should
notify Sedgwick immediately. If your short‑term disability
benefits have ended and you have not returned to work or
communicated your intentions, Sedgwick will notify you of
your options, which include requesting an extension of your
leave or voluntarily terminating your employment. Failure
to request an extension may result in your employment
being terminated.
If you return to work within 30 days of the end of your
disability period, you will be reinstated to the disability
coverage you had prior to your disability. If you do not
return to work within 30 days of the end of your approved
disability period, your coverage will lapse on the 31st day.
However, your coverage will be reinstated if you return to
active status within one year.
IF YOU RETURN TO WORK AND BECOME
DISABLED AGAIN
If you return to work for 30 calendar days or less and you
are classified as a management associate on active status
(with or without medical restrictions) and become disabled
again from the same or a related condition that caused the
first period of disability, as determined by Sedgwick, known
as a “relapse/recurrent claim,” your short‑term disability
benefits will pick up where they left off before you came
back to work. There will be no additional waiting period of
seven calendar days. The combined benefit duration for
both periods of disability will not exceed 25 weeks.
If you have returned as a management associate and are
on active status for more than 30 calendar days and then
become disabled from the same or a related cause, it will be
considered a new disability, and you may be able to receive
up to 25 weeks of benefits, following your completion of a
new seven-calendar-day waiting period.
If you return as a management associate and are on
active status for any number of calendar days and then
become disabled from a new and unrelated cause, it will be
considered a new disability, and you may qualify for up to
25 weeks of benefits. A new benefit waiting period of seven
calendar days will apply.
Salaried short‑term disability plan
183
Intermittent leave. If you are able to return to work after
a period of short‑term disability and need to miss work
periodically for reasons related to your disability, notify
Sedgwick and your facility of your situation. Your treatment
may be covered under your prior short‑term disability
claim for up to 12 months from the date you return to work
from your short‑term disability claim. Salaried short‑term
disability generally pays 100% of your base pay for the
duration of your approved intermittent leave. You will not
need to use PTO for the absences.
If you go on a leave of absence or
experience a temporary layoff
If you are not on active status due to a leave of absence or
temporary layoff, your eligibility for short‑term disability
benefits will continue for 90 days from your last day of
work. Your eligibility for short‑term disability benefits ends
on the 91st day after the beginning of your leave of absence
or temporary layoff, but is reinstated if you return to work
within one year. See Keeping your premiums current in the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for more
information, including details on paying for benefits while
on leave.
When coverage ends
Your short‑term disability coverage ends on the earliest of: • The date your employment terminates • The last day of the pay period when your job status
changes from an eligible job status
• The date of your death • The 91st day of a leave of absence or layoff (unless you
return to work)
• The 31st day following the end of your approved disability
period (unless you return to work), or
• The date the benefit is no longer offered by the company.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you leave the company and return to work for the
company as a salaried associate, you will automatically be
reenrolled in the salaried short‑term disability plan.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
This information does not create an express or implied contract of employment or any other contractual
commitment. Walmart may modify this information at its sole discretion without notice, at any time,
consistent with applicable law.
Truck driver short‑term
disability plan
Your short-term disability benefit 186
How truck driver short-term disability is administered 186
When you qualify for benefits 187
When benefits are not paid 187
Filing a claim 188
Your pay after filing a claim 188
Benefits determination 188
When benefits begin 189
Calculating your benefit 190
When short-term disability benefit payments end 192
Returning to work 192
If you go on a leave of absence or experience a temporary layoff 193
When coverage ends 193
If you leave the company and are rehired 193
The information in this chapter describes short-term disability
benefits that may be available to you if:
• You are a full-time truck driver associate, and
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Truck driver short‑term disability plan
185
Truck driver short-term disability plan
If pregnancy, a scheduled surgery, or an unexpected illness or injury keeps you off the job for an
extended period, this plan for truck drivers can protect part of your paycheck. When you can’t
work, the Walmart truck driver short-term disability plan works for you.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
To file a claim or get more information Go to One.Walmart.com/LOA
> mySedgwick
Call Sedgwick at 800-492-5678
To file a state benefit claim if you work
in any of the following areas:
Connecticut
Massachusetts
Washington, D.C.
Washington state
Go to paidleave.wa.gov
Go to paidleave.mass.gov
Go to dcpaidfamilyleave.dc.gov
Go to paidleave.wa.gov
Call 877-499-8606
Call 833-344-7365
Call 202-899-3700
Call 833-717-2273
Request an appeal of a denied
short‑term disability claim
Go to One.Walmart.com/LOA
> mySedgwick
Call Sedgwick at 800-492-5678
What you need to know about truck driver short-term disability
• This chapter describes disability benefits available to you under the short-term disability plan.
• The truck driver short‑term disability plan replaces 75% of your average day’s pay for up to 25 weeks, after an
initial waiting period of seven calendar days. (Different rules may apply to work‑related disabilities that qualify for
workers’ compensation through Walmart. See the chart titled Your truck driver short‑term disability plan benefit
for more information.)
• If your disability is due to pregnancy, the short‑term disability plan replaces 100% of your average day’s pay for
nine weeks. Additional benefits may be payable after the first nine weeks of benefits if you experience medical
complications during pregnancy or post‑partum. For details, see Maternity benefit later in this chapter.
• The truck driver short-term disability plan is not a benefit covered by ERISA and is not part of the Associates’ Health
and Welfare Plan.
• The claims and appeals procedures described in this chapter apply to the truck driver short-term disability benefit
rather than the procedures in the Claims and appeals chapter.
Truck driver short‑term disability plan
186
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Your short-term disability benefit
If you become disabled as defined in the When you qualify
for benefits section later in this chapter, and are eligible
to receive short‑term disability benefits, the truck driver
short‑term disability plan generally pays 75% of your
average day’s pay for up to 25 weeks of an approved
disability, after an initial waiting period of seven calendar
days of continuous disability. The waiting period begins on
your next scheduled work day after your disability begins.
(Disabilities that qualify for workers’ compensation through
Walmart are treated differently, as described in the chart
titled Your truck driver short‑term disability plan benefit.)
If your disability is due to pregnancy, the truck driver
short‑term disability plan pays a maternity benefit of 100%
of your average day’s pay for the first nine weeks, after an
initial waiting period of seven calendar days. The waiting
period begins on your next scheduled work day after your
disability begins. If you remain disabled and eligible for
benefits after the first nine weeks of maternity benefits, the
truck driver short‑term disability plan will pay 75% of your
base pay for up to 16 additional weeks of benefit payments.
How truck driver short-term
disability is administered
Truck driver short‑term disability coverage is administered
by Sedgwick Claims Management Services, Inc. (Sedgwick)
and is provided by the company at no cost to you.
LEGALLY MANDATED PLANS
Short‑term disability benefits provided by individual states
and local governments generally have no impact on your
eligibility for the truck driver short‑term disability benefit
plan through Walmart, unless you are an associate who
works in Connecticut, Massachusetts, Washington, D.C., or
Washington state. Rules applicable to these state and local
plans can be found in the following chart.
LEGALLY MANDATED PLANS
If you are an associate who works in
Connecticut, Massachusetts, Washington,
D.C., or Washington state
You are eligible to participate in the truck driver short‑term disability plan to
supplement your state benefits.
The amount of the benefit under the truck driver short-term disability plan will
be reduced by the amount of the legally mandated benefit Sedgwick estimates
that you are eligible to receive from the state or locality, regardless of whether
you apply for that legally mandated benefit. If the benefit available to you under
any state or locally mandated plan is less than the benefit available to you under
a Walmart short-term disability plan, the combined total of the benefit available
to you under a Walmart short-term disability plan and the benefit available to you
under any state or locally mandated plan will not exceed the benefits that would
have been available under the short-term disability plan if you had not worked in
a state with a legally mandated plan. You are responsible for providing your award
letter from the state or locality to Sedgwick. If Sedgwick overestimated what your
mandated benefit would be, meaning that you were paid less under the salaried
short‑term disability plan than you were entitled to, you will be paid the difference
in a lump sum payment. If Sedgwick underestimated what your mandated benefit
would be, meaning that you were paid more under the truck driver short‑term
disability plan than you were entitled to, you must repay any amount overpaid to
you. See the Right to recover overpayment section later in this chapter.
Truck driver short‑term disability plan
187
When you qualify for benefits
To be eligible to receive short‑term disability benefits,
you must meet the following requirements:
• Your coverage must be effective.
• Your disability must have occurred on or after the
effective date of your coverage.
• You must be on active status at the time of your
disability unless:
– You are on leave of absence or layoff as described later
in this chapter under If you go on a leave of absence or
experience a temporary layoff, or
– You are unable to work because you have experienced
medical complications during pregnancy or post-partum
and have exhausted the nine-week short-term disability
plan maternity benefit, as described later in this chapter
under Maternity benefit.
• Except as otherwise provided in the Maternity benefit
section, you must submit medical evidence provided by
a qualified doctor that you are disabled as defined by the
truck driver short‑term disability plan (for purposes of
this chapter, the term “doctor” includes legally licensed
physicians and practitioners who are not related to you
and who are performing services within the scope of their
licenses, including medical doctors [M.D.], osteopaths
[D.O.], nurse practitioners, physician’s assistants,
psychologists or other medical practitioners whose
services would be eligible for reimbursement under the
Associates’ Medical Plan).
• You must receive approval by Sedgwick of your claim.
Sedgwick may require written proof of your disability, as
defined later in this chapter, or additional information
before making a decision on your claim. A statement by
your doctor that you are unable to work does not by itself
prove that you are disabled. Approval of a medical leave of
absence also does not constitute approval for short‑term
disability benefits.
If your disability is caused by a mental
illness or substance use disorder, you are
encouraged to seek treatment within 30
days from the first date of absence from
a psychologist, psychiatrist, licensed
counselor, drug and alcohol counselor,
or clinical social worker who specializes
in mental health and/or substance use
disorders, and is licensed pursuant to state
law. See the Resources for Living chapter for
information on resources that are available if
you are experiencing the effects of a mental
illness or substance use disorder.
Except as otherwise provided in the Maternity benefit
section, for purposes of benefits provided under the
short‑term disability plan, “disabled” or “disability” means
that (i) you are unable to perform the essential duties of
your job for your normal work schedule, or a license required
for your job duties has been suspended due to a mental or
physical illness or injury, or pregnancy, and (ii) you are under
the continuous care of a qualified doctor and are following
the course of treatment prescribed by your doctor. See the
Maternity benefit section for exceptions to this general
requirement for purposes of the maternity benefit.
Disability benefits are payable during a loss of license only
while you are disabled and pursuing reinstatement of your
license on a timely basis. Timely pursuit of reinstatement
means you apply for reinstatement when your condition
meets the criteria, and you provide information and forms
requested by the licensing agency on a timely basis until your
license is reinstated. Loss of license by itself is not sufficient
for meeting the definition of disability. The determination
of whether you are disabled is made by Sedgwick on the
basis of objective medical evidence, which consists of facts
and findings, including but not limited to X‑rays, laboratory
reports, tests, consulting physician reports as well as reports
and chart notes from your physician.
If Sedgwick requests that you be examined by an
independent doctor, you must attend the exam to be
considered for benefits. The company will pay the cost of
any such examination.
The maximum length of any one period of disability during
which disability benefits are paid, even if the disability is the
result of more than one cause, is 25 weeks, after the initial
waiting period of seven calendar days. See also If you return
to work and become disabled again.
See the Maternity benefit section for additional details
regarding the maternity benefit.
When benefits are not paid
Short‑term disability benefits will not be paid for an illness
or injury that:
• Arose before your coverage became effective
• Is not under the care of and being treated by a qualified
doctor
• Is caused by taking part in an insurrection, rebellion, or a
riot or civil disorder
• Resulted from your commission of or attempt to commit
a crime (e.g., assault, battery, felony, or any illegal
occupation or activity), or
• Resulted from doing any work for pay or profit (for
example, an illness or injury that is related to work outside
of Walmart).
Truck driver short‑term disability plan
188
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Filing a claim
If you become disabled, file your claim for benefits
promptly. A delay in filing could result in delayed benefit
payment, disruption in your wages, or the denial of your
claim. If you experience a disabling illness or injury, or are
planning to begin maternity leave, follow these steps:
STEP 1: Notify Sedgwick to apply for a leave of absence and
file a short‑term disability claim as soon as you know you will
be absent from work due to an illness, injury, or pregnancy.
Sedgwick will send you an initial packet providing the
information you will need and describing any actions
you will need to take. Notify your manager if your illness
or injury is related to your Walmart work, so a workers’
compensation claim can be initiated. Report your disability
online by going to One.Walmart.com/LOA > mySedgwick,
or call 800-492-5678.
Processing of your claim cannot begin until you have
stopped working. All claims for benefits under Walmart’s
truck driver short‑term disability plan must be submitted to
Sedgwick within 90 days of the date your disability begins.
Claims filed later than 90 days after the date of disability
may be denied unless Sedgwick determines you had good
cause for filing late.
Associates who work in Connecticut, Massachusetts,
Washington, D.C., and Washington state are advised to
promptly apply to Sedgwick and to your state or locality for
state‑mandated state benefits. Refer to the Resources chart
at the beginning of the chapter for contact information.
Note that associates in Washington, D.C. will generally not
receive benefits for periods prior to the date of application
for benefits, except in emergency situations.
STEP 2: Tell your doctor’s office that it will be contacted
and asked to complete an attending physician’s statement
and provide medical information, including:
• Diagnosis
• Disability date and expected duration of disability
• Restrictions and limitations
• Physical and/or cognitive exam findings and test results
• Treatment plan, and
• Doctor visit notes.
You must sign a form authorizing your doctor to release this
information. This release will be included in the initial packet
that you receive from Sedgwick; however, if you are filing
your claim online, an electronic signature is accepted.
STEP 3: Follow up with your doctor to ensure that
information was forwarded to the disability administrator.
You may be required to provide written proof of your
disability or additional medical information before your
benefit payments begin.
If you become disabled, file your claim for
benefits promptly. A delay in filing could
result in delayed benefit payment, disruption
in your wages, or the denial of your claim.
Your pay after filing a claim
Sedgwick will send you an initial packet when you file your
claim. You will have until the Medical Due Date, which is
stated in your initial packet, to provide the required medical
documentation. In order for your pay to continue during
the initial waiting period of seven calendar days, you may
use paid time off (PTO). Following your initial waiting period
of seven calendar days, your pay will continue until your
Medical Due Date; this pay is known as “provisional pay.”
Your pay will be suspended after your Medical Due Date if
the required medical documentation has not been approved.
Be sure to provide the required medical documentation as
soon as possible. If you do not meet the Medical Due Date
deadline, your pay will be suspended effective the first day
of the pay period in which it falls. If your claim is approved,
the approval will be effective as of the date of your
disability, and the provisional pay you received after your
seven-day waiting period and while your claim was pending
will count toward your disability benefit.
If your claim is denied before the Medical Due Date due to
your medical circumstances not meeting the truck driver
short‑term disability plan’s definition of disability, your
provisional pay will be stopped and Walmart will commence
efforts to recover the amount paid to you for the period
following your illness or injury.
You will not receive provisional pay during any period when
a determination is being made regarding a relapse/recurrent
claim (see If you return to work and become disabled again
later in this chapter).
Benefits determination
Sedgwick makes a decision within 45 days of receiving
your properly filed claim. The time for a decision may be
extended for up to two additional 30‑day periods. You will
be notified in writing before any extension period that an
extension is necessary due to matters beyond Sedgwick’s
control. Those matters must be identified and you must
be given the date by which Sedgwick will make a decision.
If your claim is extended due to your failure to submit
information Sedgwick deems necessary to decide your
claim, the time for decision will be suspended as of the date
on which the notification of the extension is sent to you
until the date Sedgwick receives your response. If Sedgwick
approves your claim, the decision will contain information
sufficient to inform you of that decision.
Truck driver short‑term disability plan
189
If Sedgwick denies your claim, you will be sent a written
notification of the denial, which will include:
• Specific reasons for the decision
• Specific reference to the policy provisions on which the
decision is based
• A description of any additional material or information
necessary for you to perfect the claim and an explanation
of why such material or information is necessary
• A description of the appeal procedures and time limits
applicable to such procedures, and
• If an internal rule, guideline, protocol, or other similar
criteria was relied upon in making the denial, either:
– The specific rule, guideline, protocol, or other similar
criteria, or
– A statement that such a rule, guideline, protocol, or
other similar criteria was relied upon in making the
denial and that a copy will be provided free of charge to
you upon request.
APPEALING A DISABILITY CLAIM THAT HAS
BEEN FULLY OR PARTIALLY DENIED
If your claim for benefits is denied and you would like
to appeal, you must submit a written or oral appeal to
Sedgwick within 180 days of the denial. Your appeal should
include any comments, documents, records, or any other
information you would like considered.
For associates in states or localities with legally mandated
plans, such as Connecticut, Massachusetts, Washington,
D.C., and Washington state, you should submit your
appeal directly to the state or local government. If you
are appealing your Sedgwick claim, file your appeal with
Sedgwick as noted below.
Sedgwick will make a determination on your appeal within
45 days of the receipt of your appeal request. This period
may be extended by up to an additional 45 days if it is
determined that special circumstances require an extension
of time. You will be notified prior to the end of the 45‑day
period if an extension is required. If you are asked to provide
additional information, you will have 45 days from the date
you are notified to provide the information, and the time to
make a determination will be suspended until you provide
the requested information (or the deadline to provide the
information, if earlier).
If your appeal is denied in whole or in part, you will receive a
written notification of the denial that will include:
• The specific reason(s) for the adverse determination
• Reference to the specific plan provisions on which the
determination was based
• A statement describing your right to request copies, free
of charge, of all documents, records, or other information
relevant to your claim
• A statement that you have the right to obtain, upon request
and free of charge, a copy of internal rules or guidelines
relied upon in making this determination, and
• A statement describing any appeal procedures offered by
the Plan.
VOLUNTARY SECOND APPEAL OF A TRUCK
DRIVER SHORT-TERM DISABILITY CLAIM
If your appeal is denied, you may make a voluntary second
appeal of your denial orally or in writing to Sedgwick. You
must submit your second appeal within 180 days of the
receipt of the written notice of denial. You may submit any
written comments, documents, records, and any other
information relating to your claim. The same criteria and
response times that applied to your first appeal, as described
earlier, are generally applied to this voluntary second appeal.
All truck driver short‑term disability appeals (initial appeals
and voluntary second appeals) should be sent to:
Walmart Disability and Leave Service Center at Sedgwick
National Appeals Unit
P.O. Box 14748
Lexington, Kentucky 40512-4748
When benefits begin
If your short-term disability claim is approved, the benefit
will begin after a waiting period of seven calendar days.
The waiting period begins on your next scheduled work day
after your disability begins. (Work‑related disabilities that
qualify for workers’ compensation through Walmart may
have different waiting periods under state law.)
For your pay to continue during the initial waiting period of
seven calendar days, you may use paid time off. Short‑term
disability benefits begin on the eighth calendar day after
your eligible disability begins. You should not use PTO
beyond the initial seven-day waiting period while a claim
decision is pending or for any period for which short-term
disability benefits are approved (see Your pay after filing
a claim earlier in this chapter for information regarding
provisional pay that may apply after your initial waiting
period of seven calendar days). If you are later found to be
ineligible for short-term disability benefits, you may go back
and use PTO for any time that was unpaid. Walmart and/or
Sedgwick may seek repayment of any PTO used for days
when disability benefits were received. Upon repayment,
any PTO balance will be restored.
If you are receiving short‑term disability at the end of the
PTO plan year, please refer to your location’s PTO policy for
payout and/or carryover information.
You do not accrue additional PTO while you are receiving
short‑term disability benefits.
Truck driver short‑term disability plan
190
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Calculating your benefit
The amount of your short‑term disability benefit is based on:
• Your average day’s pay as of your last day worked.
• The duration of your disability.
If you become disabled and are eligible to receive short‑term disability benefits, the truck driver short‑term disability plan
replaces 75% of your average day’s pay as of your last day before your disability for up to 25 weeks, after an initial waiting
period of seven calendar days. There is no maximum weekly benefit under the truck driver short‑term disability plan.
If you become disabled and are eligible to receive short‑term disability benefits, the truck‑driver short‑term disability plan
pays benefits as described below.
YOUR TRUCK DRIVER SHORT‑TERM DISABILITY PLAN BENEFIT
Duration of your
disability
Your benefit is:
If your disability does not qualify for
workers’ compensation through Walmart
If you have a work-related disability that qualifies for workers’
compensation through Walmart
Up to 26 weeks After an initial waiting period of
7 calendar days, 75% of your average
day’s pay. The waiting period begins on
your next scheduled workday after your
total disability begins.
You may use PTO during your first 7
calendar days of continuous disability.
For example, if your average day’s pay
over the week totals $1,000, 75% of
$1,000 is a $750 weekly benefit.
Short-term benefits are paid biweekly
through your payroll check.
75% of your average day’s pay. The short‑term disability benefit
will pay 75% during the state workers’ compensation waiting
period, then workers’ compensation will pay according to the
state’s compensation rate. The short‑term disability benefit
will “top off” this pay to 75%. If the state compensation rate is
greater than 75%, you will not receive additional benefits from
Sedgwick.
For example, if your workers’ compensation benefit or
anticipated benefit is 66%, the short‑term disability benefit will
provide 9% of your wages.
Short‑term disability benefits are paid biweekly through your
payroll check, while workers’ compensation is paid through
a separate check except in the states of Texas and Wyoming,
where the entire benefit is included in the payment you receive
from Walmart.
If a benefit is payable for less than a week, your disability benefit will be based on 75% of your average day’s pay multiplied by your
regular work days scheduled for each day you are disabled.
If you are able to return to work after a period of short‑term disability and need to miss work periodically for reasons related to your
disability, notify Sedgwick and your facility of your situation. Your treatment may be covered under your prior short‑term disability claim
for up to 12 months from the date you return to work from your short‑term disability claim. Truck driver short‑term disability generally
pays 100% of your average day’s pay for the duration of your approved intermittent leave. You will not need to use PTO for the absences.
NOTE: For associates who are eligible for legally mandated benefits (as noted in Legally mandated plans earlier in this chapter) as well as
benefits under the truck driver short‑term disability plan, the amount of the benefit under the truck driver short‑term disability plan will
be reduced by the amount of the legally mandated benefit Sedgwick estimates that they will receive.
WORKERS’ COMPENSATION AND YOUR SHORT-TERM DISABILITY BENEFITS
Workers’ compensation and short‑term disability benefits are made as separate payments except in the states of Texas and
Wyoming, where the entire benefit is included in the payment you receive from Walmart.
If you are receiving workers’ compensation benefits for an unrelated injury or illness, any short‑term disability benefit for
which you are eligible will be reduced, or offset, by any workers’ compensation benefits you are eligible to receive.
Truck driver short‑term disability plan
191
MATERNITY BENEFIT
Maternity benefits under the truck driver short‑term disability plan are as described here:
MATERNITY BENEFIT
Duration of benefit Your benefit is: If you are eligible for legally mandated benefits in Connecticut;
Massachusetts; Washington, D.C.; and Washington state:
Up to 9 weeks* 100% of your average day’s pay
after an initial waiting period of 7
calendar days
Legally mandated benefits are payable at the applicable state or
local government rate; the Walmart truck driver short‑term disability
maternity benefit will make up the difference between the state or
local government benefit and 100% of your average day’s pay after an
initial waiting period of 7 calendar days.
Maternity benefits under the truck driver short‑term disability plan begin on the 8th calendar day after
your eligible disability begins. You may use PTO during your first 7 calendar days of continuous disability.
Benefits are paid biweekly through your payroll check.
* You may also be eligible for additional parental and family care pay equal to 100% of your average day’s pay. You cannot receive parental
pay and family care pay benefits while receiving short‑term disability maternity benefits. For more information, refer to the Parental
Pay Policy and Family Care Pay Policy on One.Walmart.com.
NOTE: For associates who are eligible for legally mandated benefits (as noted in Legally mandated plans earlier in this chapter)
as well as benefits under the truck driver short‑term disability plan, the amount of the benefit under the truck driver short‑term
disability plan will be reduced by the amount of the legally mandated benefit.
See the When you qualify for benefits section for general
requirements applicable to all disability benefits under the
short-term disability plan, including the maternity benefit.
There are some exceptions to those general rules that apply
to the maternity benefit. Those exceptions are discussed in
this section.
If your disability is due to pregnancy, the date of your
disability is generally on or up to two weeks prior to your
expected date of delivery. If you begin your short-term
disability leave during this time frame, you will be deemed
to meet the definition of disability. If you begin your leave
more than two weeks prior to your expected delivery date,
you will be required to provide objective medical evidence
to demonstrate you are disabled, as defined in the When
you qualify for benefits section. If you are disabled, as
defined in that section, you will begin your short-term
disability maternity benefit on the date you are determined
to be disabled. In no event will the maternity benefit exceed
nine weeks.
If you do not begin your short-term disability leave on
your delivery date, you must meet the plan’s definition of
disabled, as defined in the When you qualify for benefits
section. In that case, any disability benefit will be subject to
rules applicable to non-maternity disability benefits.
If you experience medical complications during pregnancy
or post‑partum and continue to meet the definition of
disability after the first nine weeks of maternity benefits,
the short-term disability plan will provide disability benefits
of 75% of your average day’s pay from week 10 up to
25 weeks of benefit payments.
NOTE: For associates in states or localities with legally
mandated benefits, please refer to the Legally mandated
plans chart earlier in this chapter for coordination of benefits.
TAXES AND YOUR SHORT-TERM
DISABILITY BENEFIT
Benefits payable to you under the truck driver short‑term
disability plan are company‑provided at no cost to you.
Because you do not make any contributions to the truck
driver short‑term disability plan, and you do not pay any
tax on the coverage that Walmart provides, any benefits
payable to you are subject to taxes. Walmart generally
withholds federal, state, local, and Social Security taxes
from the amount of your benefit payments.
Walmart cannot guarantee the specific tax consequences
that will result from your receipt of benefits under the truck
driver short‑term disability plan. Walmart is not providing
legal advice. If you need an answer upon which you can rely,
you may wish to consult a tax advisor.
Truck driver short‑term disability plan
192
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
RIGHT TO RECOVER OVERPAYMENT
The truck driver short‑term disability plan has the right to
recover from you, and you must repay, any amount overpaid
to you for short‑term disability benefits under this plan. See
The Plan’s right to recover overpayment and The Plan’s right
to salary/wage deduction in the Claims and appeals chapter.
If you do not repay overpaid amounts in a timely manner,
the company will first deduct such amounts from future
disability payments (if any). If there is a remaining amount
due after any deductions from future disability payments,
then the company may, in its discretion, either (i) treat
overpaid amounts as taxable wages to you (reportable on
your Form W‑2), or (ii) deduct overpaid amounts from your
paycheck, to the extent permitted by law.
When short-term disability benefit
payments end
If you are receiving short‑term disability benefit payments
from the truck driver short‑term disability plan due to an
approved disability, your benefit payments from the plan
will end on the earliest of:
• The date you no longer meet the short-term disability
plan’s definition of disabled
• The date you fail to furnish the required proof of disability
when requested to do so by Sedgwick
• The date you are no longer under the continuous care and
treatment of a qualified doctor
• The date you refuse to be examined if Sedgwick requires
you to be examined
• The last day of the maximum period for which benefits
are payable
• The date you are medically able and qualified to work in
a similar full‑time position offered to you by Walmart
• The date your employment terminates, or
• The date of your death.
When your short‑term disability benefits end and for any
reason you do not return to work, you must request an
extension of your leave (refer to the Resources chart at the
beginning of the chapter for contact information). Failure to
do so may result in your employment being terminated.
Returning to work
Sedgwick will contact you before your expected return‑to‑
work date and advise you of steps you may need to
take, including getting a return‑to‑work certification
completed by your doctor. In some cases, your doctor
may release you to work with certain medical restrictions;
any such restrictions should be explicitly stated on your
return‑to‑work certification or written release. If you
receive a return‑ to‑work certification containing medical
restrictions, you may be subject to a review to determine
whether a job adjustment or accommodation will help you
return to work.
To ensure a smooth transition back to work and avoid a
potential impact to your pay, you will need to contact
Sedgwick up to four days prior to your actual return-towork date. If your return-to-work date changes, you should
notify Sedgwick immediately. If your short‑term disability
benefits have ended and you have not returned to work or
communicated your intentions, Sedgwick will notify you of
your options, which include requesting an extension of your
leave or voluntarily terminating your employment. Failure
to request an extension may result in your employment
being terminated.
If you return to work within 30 days of the end of your
approved disability period, you will be reinstated to the
disability coverage you had prior to your disability. If you
do not return to work within 30 days of the end of your
approved disability period, your coverage will lapse on the
31st day. However, your coverage will be reinstated if you
return to active status within one year.
IF YOU RETURN TO WORK AND BECOME
DISABLED AGAIN
If you return to work for 30 calendar days or less and you
are classified as a full-time driver on active status (with or
without medical restrictions) and become disabled again
from the same or a related condition that caused the first
period of disability, as determined by Sedgwick, known
as a “relapse/recurrent claim,” your short‑term disability
benefits will pick up where they left off before you came
back to work. There will be no additional waiting period of
seven calendar days. The combined benefit duration for
both periods of disability will not exceed 25 weeks.
If you have returned as a full-time driver and are on active
status for more than 30 calendar days and then become
disabled from the same or a related cause, it will be
considered a new disability, and you may be able to receive
up to 25 weeks of benefits, following your completion of a
new seven calendar day waiting period.
If you return as a full-time driver and are on active status
for any number of calendar days and then become disabled
from a new and unrelated cause, it will be considered a
new disability, and you may qualify for up to 25 weeks of
benefits. A new benefit waiting period of seven calendar
days will apply.
Truck driver short‑term disability plan
193
Intermittent leave. If you are able to return to work after
a period of short‑term disability and need to miss work
periodically for reasons related to your disability, notify
Sedgwick and your facility of your situation. Your treatment
may be covered under your prior short‑term disability claim
for up to 12 months from the date you return to work from
your short‑term disability claim. Truck driver short‑term
disability generally pays 100% of your average day’s pay for
the duration of your approved intermittent leave. You will
not need to use PTO for the absences.
If you go on a leave of absence or
experience a temporary layoff
If you are not on active status due to a leave of absence or
temporary layoff, your eligibility for short‑term disability
benefits will continue for 90 days from your last day of
work. Your eligibility for short‑term disability benefits ends
on the 91st day after the beginning of your leave of absence
or temporary layoff, but is reinstated if you return to work
within one year. See Keeping your premiums current in
the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for
more information, including details on paying for benefits
while on leave.
When coverage ends
Your short‑term disability coverage ends on the earliest of: • The date your employment terminates • The last day of the pay period when your job status
changes from an eligible job status
• The date of your death • The 91st day of a leave of absence or layoff (unless you
return to work)
• The 31st day following the end of your approved disability
period (unless you return to work), or
• The date the benefit is no longer offered by the company.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you leave the company and return to work for the
company as a full‑time truck driver, you will automatically
be reenrolled in the truck driver short‑term disability plan.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
This information is intended to be a summary of your benefits and may not include all policy provisions. If
there is a discrepancy between this document and the policy issued by The Lincoln National Life Insurance
Company (Lincoln) regarding the calculation of benefits and limitations under the policy, the terms of the
policy will govern. You may obtain a copy of this policy by contacting Lincoln.
Full-time hourly
and salaried
long‑term disability
The LTD plans 196
When you qualify for LTD benefits 196
Filing an LTD claim 197
When benefits are not paid 197
When LTD benefits begin 197
Calculating your benefit 197
If you are disabled and working 199
When LTD benefit payments end 199
If you return to work and become disabled again 200
If you go on a leave of absence or experience a temporary layoff 200
When coverage ends 201
If you leave the company and are rehired 201
The information in this chapter describes long-term disability
benefits that may be available to you if:
• You are an eligible full-time hourly or salaried (management) associate (truck drivers: see next chapter)
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements, and
• You have enrolled in a timely manner.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Full-time hourly and salaried long‑term disability
195
Full-time hourly and salaried long-term disability
If you become disabled and can’t work, the company’s long-term disability plan can help. When
you enroll, the plan works with other benefits you get during a disability to replace part of your
paycheck.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Get more details or file a claim Go to One.Walmart.com/LOA >
mySedgwick
Call Lincoln at 877-353-6404
What you need to know about full-time hourly and salaried
long-term disability
• This chapter describes long-term disability benefits available to you under one of two plan options:
– The long‑term disability (LTD) plan replaces 50% of your average monthly wage.
– The LTD enhanced plan replaces 60% of your average monthly wage.
• If you enroll in either plan after your initial eligibility period, your coverage is subject to Lincoln’s approval. You will
be required to submit Proof of Good Health and may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense
before you can be approved for coverage.
Full-time hourly and salaried long‑term disability
196
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The LTD plans
If you become disabled, as defined in the When you qualify
for LTD benefits section, the LTD plan provides a benefit
of 50% of your average monthly wage up to a maximum
monthly benefit of $15,000, minus the amount of certain
other benefits or income you are eligible to receive, after
your benefit waiting period.
If you become disabled, as defined in the When you qualify
for LTD benefits section, the LTD enhanced plan provides
a benefit of 60% of your average monthly wage up to a
maximum monthly benefit of $18,000, minus the amount of
certain other benefits or income you are eligible to receive,
after your benefit waiting period.
Both plans are insured by Lincoln. For information about
your waiting period, see When LTD benefits begin later in
this chapter. For information about your average monthly
wage or other income or benefits that may reduce your
benefit, see Calculating your benefit and Other benefits or
income that reduce LTD benefits later in this chapter.
If you enroll at any time after your initial enrollment period,
you will be considered a late enrollee and required to submit
Proof of Good Health. You may be required to undergo
a medical exam at your own expense before you can be
approved for coverage.
THE COST OF LTD COVERAGE
Your cost for LTD coverage is based on your biweekly
earnings, your age, and whether you select the LTD plan or the
LTD enhanced plan. Premiums are deducted from all wages,
including bonuses. If you have no earnings in a pay period, no
premiums are due for that pay period. If while receiving LTD
benefits you receive any other earnings, including bonuses,
through the Walmart payroll systems, your premiums for all
benefits will be withheld from those payments.
When you qualify for LTD benefits
Under the terms of the LTD plan and LTD enhanced plans,
“disability” or “disabled” generally means that, due to a
covered injury or sickness during the benefit waiting period
and for the next 24 months of disability, you are unable to
perform the material and substantial duties of your own
occupation, and after 24 months of benefit payments,
you are unable to perform, with reasonable continuity,
the material and substantial duties of any occupation for
which you are reasonably fitted by training, education,
experience, age, and physical or mental capacity. However,
if you are employed as a pilot, copilot, or crewmember
of an aircraft, “disability” or “disabled” means that, as a
result of an injury or sickness, you are unable to perform
the material and substantial duties of your own occupation
under the applicable Federal Aviation Administration
fitness standards.
In determining whether you are disabled, for persons
other than pilots or copilots, Lincoln does not consider
employment factors, including interpersonal conflict in
the workplace, recession, job obsolescence, pay cuts,
job sharing, or loss of professional or occupational license
or certification.
To qualify for LTD benefits:
• You must be unable to return to work after the initial
benefit waiting period of disability.
• You must continue to be under the appropriate care of a
qualified doctor (qualified doctors include legally licensed
physicians and practitioners who are not related to you and
are performing services within the scope of their licenses).
• Lincoln must receive and approve certification with
accompanying medical documentation of a disability
from your qualified doctor before benefits are
considered for payment.
• You must be actively at work at the time of your
disability. You will be considered actively at work if you
are performing services at the company’s usual place of
business or a location designated by the company or if you
were actually at work on the day immediately preceding:
– A weekend or holiday (except where one or both of
these days are scheduled work days)
– Paid time off (PTO)
– Any non-scheduled work day, or
– An approved leave of absence.
If your LTD coverage was subject to Proof of Good Health
and approved by Lincoln, Lincoln has the right to reexamine
your Proof of Good Health questionnaire within the first
two years from the date LTD coverage became effective.
If material facts about you are found to have been stated
inaccurately, the true circumstances will be used to
determine if your coverage should be in effect and for
what amount, and your premium may be adjusted.
PRE-EXISTING CONDITION EXCLUSION
You will not receive LTD benefits for any disability or
partial disability which begins in your first 12 months after
your effective date of coverage if such disability or partial
disability is caused, partially or entirely, or results from a
pre‑existing condition. A “pre‑existing condition” means
any condition resulting from an injury or sickness for which
you were diagnosed or received treatment during the
three‑month period prior to your effective date. Under
the terms of the pre‑existing condition exclusion, you are
receiving “treatment” when you are consulting, receiving
care or services provided by or under the direction of a
physician, including diagnostic measures; being prescribed
drugs or medicines, whether you choose to take them or
not; and taking drugs or medicines.
Full-time hourly and salaried long‑term disability
197
If you change from the LTD plan (50% benefit) to the LTD
enhanced plan (60% benefit), the pre‑existing condition
exclusion will apply to the additional coverage amount. If
you had satisfied the pre‑existing condition requirement
of the LTD plan (50% benefit) and then suffer a disability
before you satisfy the pre‑existing condition exclusion of
the LTD enhanced plan (60% benefit), you will only receive
benefits under the LTD plan (50% benefit).
Filing an LTD claim
If you are on an approved short‑term disability claim and are
enrolled in LTD benefits, your claim will be automatically
transitioned from Sedgwick to Lincoln. You may also call
Lincoln at 877-353-6404 as soon as you know you will
need to use your LTD benefit. Lincoln will provide you with
additional information on how to complete your claim.
Associates receiving workers’ compensation benefits and
enrolled in the LTD plan or LTD enhanced plan may be
eligible for disability benefits after their benefit waiting
period has expired. Call Lincoln at 877-353-6404 to report
your LTD claim.
Claims are determined under the time frames and
requirements set out in the Claims and appeals chapter. You
have the right to appeal a claim denial. See the Claims and
appeals chapter for details.
When benefits are not paid
Benefits are not paid for any LTD claim due to:
• War, declared or undeclared, or any act of war
• Active participation in a riot
• The committing of or attempting to commit a felony or
misdemeanor, or
• Cosmetic surgery, unless such surgery is in connection
with an injury or sickness sustained while you are a covered
person.
No benefit is payable during any period of incarceration.
When LTD benefits begin
If you are approved by Lincoln for LTD benefits, they will
begin after your benefit waiting period: 26 weeks or the end
of your short‑term disability benefits, whichever is longer.
IF YOU RETURN TO WORK DURING
YOUR WAITING PERIOD AND BECOME
DISABLED AGAIN
If you cease to be disabled and return to work full‑time for
a total of the specified number of calendar days (as defined
below) or less during a waiting period, the waiting period will
be suspended and you must meet the balance of the waiting
period if you become disabled again. If you return to work
for a total of more than the specified number of calendar
days while satisfying your benefit waiting period, you must
satisfy an entirely new benefit waiting period if you again
become disabled before you are eligible to receive LTD
benefits. The “specified number of calendar days” means (i)
60 days for hourly associates and hourly pharmacists (other
than hourly pharmacists working in California), and (ii) 180
days for salaried associates, salaried pharmacists, hourly
pharmacists working in California, management, and pilots.
Calculating your benefit
The amount of your LTD benefit is based on:
• Your average monthly wage, and
• If you are enrolled in the LTD plan or the LTD enhanced
plan.
AVERAGE MONTHLY WAGE
Length of
employment
How average monthly wage
is determined
Employed 12
months or more
Your earnings for the 26 pay periods
immediately prior to your last day
worked ÷ 12
For example, the average monthly wage
for an associate with pre‑disability
earnings of $36,000 for the prior 26 pay
periods is $3,000 ($36,000 ÷ 12).
Employed less
than 12 months
Your earnings since date of hire ÷
number of months worked
For example, the average monthly wage
for an associate with earnings of $21,000
for seven months of work is $3,000
($21,000 ÷ 7).
Earnings used to determine average monthly wage include:
• Regular earnings for the 26 pay periods prior to your last
day worked
• Overtime
• Regularly scheduled target incentive bonuses that you and
associates in similarly situated job types or job levels are
eligible to earn
• Paid time off and similar pay that replaces regular earnings
(e.g., bereavement , jury duty, and sick time)
Any pay periods in which you have no earnings are excluded,
decreasing the number of pay periods used for the calculation.
Earnings used to determine average monthly wage exclude
commissions or any other extra compensation or fringe
benefits not listed above.
Full-time hourly and salaried long‑term disability
198
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
If you have been employed less than 12 months, an
annualized average of earnings will be used.
Your LTD benefit is shown below:
YOUR LTD BENEFIT
If you are enrolled Your coverage is
In the LTD plan 50% of your average monthly wage
up to a maximum monthly benefit of
$15,000, minus the amount of certain
other benefits or income you are
eligible to receive (for example, Social
Security disability benefits)*
In the LTD
enhanced plan
60% of your average monthly wage
up to a maximum monthly benefit of
$18,000, minus the amount of certain
other benefits or income you are
eligible to receive (for example, Social
Security disability benefits)*
*See Other benefits or income that reduce LTD benefits
for more information.
Your benefit will be no less than $50, for any month that
you are eligible to receive LTD benefits. The total of your
monthly disability payment, plus all earnings, cannot exceed
100% of your average monthly wage prior to your disability.
LTD benefits are paid biweekly, as long as you continue to be
disabled as defined by the LTD plans.
Lincoln has the right to recover, and you must repay, any
amount overpaid to you for LTD benefits under the LTD plan
or LTD enhanced plan.
PTO AND YOUR LTD BENEFIT
Paid time off (PTO) may not be used while receiving LTD
benefits. If you are receiving LTD benefits at the end of the
PTO plan year, refer to your location’s PTO policy for payout
and/or carryover information. You do not accrue additional
PTO while receiving LTD benefits.
TAXES AND YOUR LTD BENEFIT
You pay 100% of the costs of your LTD coverage with
after‑tax contributions. As such, benefits payable to you
under the LTD plans are not subject to income taxes.
OTHER BENEFITS OR INCOME THAT REDUCE
LTD BENEFITS
Your LTD benefit amount is reduced, or offset, by other
benefits or income you receive or are eligible to receive.
“Other income” includes any earnings from any form of
employment, including under any formal or informal sick
leave or salary continuation plans. Except with respect to
retirement benefits, “other benefits” only includes amounts
you (or, under certain circumstances, your family) are
entitled to as the result of the same disability for which your
LTD benefit relates. Examples of other benefits include
amounts from the following:
• Social Security disability insurance (including amounts your
family receives or is eligible to receive due to your disability)
• Social Security retirement benefits granted after the date of
disability (including benefits your family receives or is eligible
to receive due to your eligibility for retirement benefits)
• Workers’ compensation
• Company‑related group insurance plans providing
disability benefits
• Company‑paid or partially paid individual policies providing
disability benefits to the extent such benefits, plus your
LTD benefit, exceed your average monthly wage
• No‑fault automobile insurance
• Any ongoing short‑term disability benefits payable
under Walmart short‑term disability coverage (i.e.,
relapse‑related benefits)
• State disability payments
• Unemployment benefits, or benefits under any other
governmental benefit act or law
• Settlement or judgment, less associated costs of a lawsuit
that represents or compensates for your loss of earnings
or bodily function.
If any of the other benefits that reduce your LTD benefits
are subsequently adjusted by cost‑of‑living increases, your
LTD benefit will not be further reduced. Refer to the policy
for a complete list of offsets. You may obtain a copy of the
LTD policy by calling Lincoln at 877-353-6404.
REDUCTION OF LTD BENEFIT EXAMPLE
Annual salary: $36,000 LTD Plan
(50%)
LTD Enhanced
Plan (60%)
Average monthly wage $3,000 $3,000
Benefit amount (percentage of
average monthly wage, subject
to the monthly maximum)
$1,500 $1,800
Less estimated Social Security
disability benefit
- $750 - $750
Less dependent’s estimated
Social Security benefit
- $375 - $375
LTD payment (monthly) $375 $675
Full-time hourly and salaried long‑term disability
199
APPLYING FOR SOCIAL SECURITY
DISABILITY BENEFITS
You may be eligible to receive Social Security disability
benefits after you have been disabled for five months.
If your disability has lasted 12 consecutive months, or is
expected to, the LTD policy terms may require you to apply
for Social Security disability benefits. If the Social Security
Administration denies your application for benefits, you will
be required to follow the Social Security Administration’s
appeal process.
If you are required to pursue Social Security disability
benefits and you do not apply, or you do not provide proof
of application or appeal, your LTD benefits will be reduced
by the amount you are estimated to receive from Social
Security disability.
If you qualify for Social Security disability or retirement
benefits while you are receiving benefits under the LTD
plan and your Social Security disability claim is approved
retroactively, you must reimburse Lincoln for any LTD
benefits overpaid during the period covered by the
retroactive Social Security approval.
Lincoln may assist you in filing for Social Security disability
benefits. To be eligible for assistance, you must be receiving
a benefit from Lincoln.
If you are disabled and working
You may be eligible to receive disability benefits if you are
partially disabled. Under the Plan, “partial disability” and
“partially disabled” mean that, as a result of sickness or
injury, you are able to:
• Perform one or more, but not all, of the material and
substantial duties of your own or any occupation on a
full‑time or part‑time basis, or
• Perform all of the material and substantial duties of your
own occupation or any occupation on a part‑time basis, and
• Earn between 20% and 80% of your indexed average
monthly wage.
If you accept a new position and perform all of the material
and substantial duties on a full-time basis, you are not
partially disabled.
Lincoln offers a work incentive benefit for the first three
months that you are partially disabled and working. You will
continue to receive the full amount of your monthly benefit
for the first three months if you are partially disabled,
unless your benefit and current monthly earnings exceed
your average monthly wage. Your monthly benefit will be
reduced by the excess amount so that the monthly benefit
plus your earnings do not exceed 100% of your average
monthly wage.
After the first three months that you are partially disabled
and working, the following calculation is used to determine
your monthly benefit for a partial disability.
DISABLED AND WORKING BENEFIT CALCULATION
[(A - B) ÷ A] x C = D
A Your indexed average monthly wage*
B Your current partial monthly earnings
C The monthly benefit payable if you were qualified as
disabled, less other income earnings
D The disabled and working benefit payable
*“Indexed average monthly wage” means your average
monthly wage increased annually by 7% or the percentage
change in the Consumer Price Index, whichever is less.
IF YOU PASS AWAY WHILE RECEIVING
LTD BENEFITS
Coverage under the LTD plans ends upon your death.
However, if you pass away while receiving LTD benefits,
a lump‑sum payment of $5,000 or three times your gross
monthly LTD benefit, whichever is greater, will be paid to
your surviving spouse/partner. If you are not survived by a
spouse/partner, the payment will be made to your surviving
children, including stepchildren and legally adopted
children, in equal shares. However, if any of these children
are minors or incapacitated, payment will be made on their
behalf to the court‑appointed guardian of the children’s
property. If you are not survived by a spouse/partner or
children, the payment will be made to your estate.
When LTD benefit payments end
LTD benefit payments end on the earliest of:
• The date you fail to furnish proof of continued disability
and regular attendance of a doctor
• The date you fail to cooperate in the administration of your
claim. For example: providing information or documents
needed to determine whether benefits are payable and/or
determining the benefit amount
• The date you refuse to be examined or evaluated at
reasonable intervals
• The date you refuse to receive appropriate available
treatment
• The date you refuse a similar job with Walmart, paying
comparable wages, where workplace modifications or
accommodations are made to allow you to perform the
material and substantial duties of your job
Full-time hourly and salaried long‑term disability
200
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
• The date you are able to work in your own occupation on a
part‑time basis but choose not to
• The date your partial disability monthly earnings exceed
80% of your indexed average monthly wage
• The date you no longer meet the plan’s definition of disabled
• The last day of the maximum period for which benefits are
payable (see charts below), or
• The date of your death.
MAXIMUM DURATION OF LTD BENEFITS
Age when you
become disabled Benefits duration
Prior to age 62 Until normal retirement age
(as listed below)
62 48 months
63 42 months
64 36 months
65 30 months
66 27 months
67 24 months
68 21 months
69 or older 18 months
SOCIAL SECURITY NORMAL RETIREMENT AGE
Year of birth Normal retirement age
1937 or before 65
1938 65 + 2 months
1939 65 + 4 months
1940 65 + 6 months
1941 65 + 8 months
1942 65 + 10 months
1943 through 1954 66
1955 66 + 2 months
1956 66 + 4 months
1957 66 + 6 months
1958 66 + 8 months
1959 66 + 10 months
1960 or after 67
IF THE DISABILITY IS DUE TO MENTAL ILLNESS,
ALCOHOLISM, OR DRUG ADDICTION
To receive LTD benefits for more than 24 months for the
following disabilities, you must be confined in a hospital or
other facility licensed to provide medical care:
• Mental illness (excluding demonstrable, structural
brain damage)
• Any condition that results from mental illness
• Alcoholism, and
• Non‑medical use of narcotics, sedatives, stimulants,
hallucinogens, or similar substances.
When you are not confined to a hospital or other licensed
facility, there is a 24‑month lifetime benefit for these
disabilities unless you are fully participating in an extended
treatment plan for the condition that caused the disability,
in which case the benefit is payable for up to 36 months.
If you return to work and become
disabled again
If you return to work for less than six months of active
full‑time work and become disabled again from the same or a
related condition that caused the first period of disability, as
determined by Lincoln, known as a “relapse/successive claim,”
the successive disability will be part of the same disability.
Your LTD benefits will pick up where they left off before
you came back to work. There will be no additional waiting
period. The combined benefit duration for both periods of
disability will not exceed the maximum duration listed in the
chart to the left.
If you return to work as an active full‑time associate for
six months or more, any recurrence of a disability will be
treated as a new disability. A new benefit waiting period
must be completed.
If you go on a leave of absence or
experience a temporary layoff
Once your LTD coverage is effective and you are eligible to
file a claim for benefits, if you are not actively at work due
to a leave of absence or temporary layoff, you will continue
to be eligible for LTD benefits for 90 days from your last
day of work. Your eligibility for LTD benefits ends on the
91st day after your leave of absence or temporary layoff
begins, but is reinstated if you return to active work status
within one year. See Keeping your premiums current in
the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for
more information, including details on paying for benefits
coverage while on leave.
Full-time hourly and salaried long‑term disability
201
When coverage ends
Your LTD coverage ends: • On the date you voluntarily drop coverage (as described
below)
• At termination of your employment, unless you have
been absent due to disability during the 26‑week benefit
waiting period and any period during which premium
payments are waived
• On the last day of the pay period when your job status
changes from an eligible job status
• The last day of coverage for which premiums were paid,
if you fail to pay your premiums within 30 days of the date
your premium is due
• On the date you lose eligibility • If you do not return to work after the last day of a leave
of absence
• When the benefit is no longer offered by the company, or • On the date of your death.
If you voluntarily drop coverage after an election change
event or at Annual Enrollment, coverage ends as follows: • After an election change event: coverage ends on the
effective date of the event. See Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for information.
• At Annual Enrollment: coverage ends on December 31 of
the current year.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you are a full
-time hourly or management associate
(excluding full
-time truck drivers), see the If you leave
the company and are rehired section in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for details
regarding the impact to your benefits of terminating
employment with the company and then returning to work.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
This information is intended to be a summary of your benefits and may not include all policy provisions.
If there is a discrepancy between this document and the policy issued by The Lincoln National Life Insurance
Company (Lincoln) regarding the calculation of benefits and limitations under the policy, the terms of the
policy will govern. You may obtain a copy of this policy by contacting the Plan.
Truck driver
long‑term disability
The truck driver LTD plans 204
When you qualify for truck driver LTD benefits 204
Filing a truck driver LTD claim 205
When benefits are not paid 205
When truck driver LTD benefits begin 205
Calculating your benefit 206
If you are disabled and working 207
When truck driver LTD benefit payments end 208
If you return to work and become disabled again 209
If you go on a leave of absence or experience a temporary layoff 209
When coverage ends 209
If you leave the company and are rehired 209
The information in this chapter describes long-term disability
benefits that may be available to you if:
• You are a full-time truck driver
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements, and
• You have enrolled in a timely manner.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Truck driver long‑term disability
203
Truck driver long‑term disability
If a disability keeps you off the road and unable to work, this plan works with other benefits you
get to replace part of your paycheck. There are two long-term disability (LTD) plans for truck
drivers that pay different levels of benefits.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Get more details or file a claim Go to One.Walmart.com/LOA > mySedgwick Call Lincoln at 877-353-6404
What you need to know about truck driver long-term disability
• Walmart offers truck drivers an LTD plan and also an LTD enhanced plan. Each plan offers a choice of full‑duration
coverage or five‑year coverage.
• The truck driver LTD plans work with certain other benefits you receive while disabled to replace 50% of your
average monthly wage if you select the truck driver LTD plan or 60% of your average monthly wage if you select
the truck driver LTD enhanced plan.
• If you enroll in either plan after your initial enrollment period, you will have to submit Proof of Good Health, and you
may be required to undergo a medical exam at your own expense before you can be approved for coverage.
Truck driver long‑term disability
204
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The truck driver LTD plans
You are eligible to enroll in truck driver LTD coverage if you
are a full-time truck driver. You can choose between two
coverage plans, each of which is available in two options:
• LTD plan
– Five-year coverage
– Full-duration coverage
• LTD enhanced plan
– Five-year coverage
– Full-duration coverage
The options under the truck driver LTD plan and LTD enhanced
plan pay benefits as described in the following chart.
Both plans are insured by Lincoln. For information about
your waiting period, see When truck driver LTD benefits
begin later in this chapter. For information about your
average monthly wage or other income or benefits that
may reduce your benefit, see Calculating your benefit and
Other benefits or income that reduces truck driver LTD
benefits later in this chapter.
TRUCK DRIVER LTD
LTD PLAN LTD ENHANCED PLAN
Five-year
coverage
Pays 50% of average
monthly wage up to
a maximum monthly
benefit of $15,000,
minus the amount of
certain other benefits
or income you are
eligible to receive*
Pays 60% of average
monthly wage up to
a maximum monthly
benefit of $18,000,
minus the amount of
certain other benefits
or income you are
eligible to receive*
Both plans pay benefits for 60 months, unless the
amount of time shown in the Maximum duration
of truck driver LTD benefits chart (later in this
chapter) will result in a benefits duration of
less than 60 months, in which case the monthly
benefit will be payable for the lesser period.
LTD PLAN LTD ENHANCED PLAN
Full‑
duration
coverage
Pays 50% of average
monthly wage up to
a maximum monthly
benefit of $15,000,
minus the amount of
certain other benefits
or income you are
eligible to receive*
Pays 60% of average
monthly wage up to
a maximum monthly
benefit of $18,000,
minus the amount of
certain other benefits
or income you are
eligible to receive*
Both plan options pay benefits for the amount
of time shown in the Maximum duration of
truck driver LTD benefits chart (later in this
chapter).
* See Calculating your benefit and Other benefits or income
that reduces truck driver LTD benefits (later in this chapter) for
more information.
If you enroll during your initial enrollment period, your
coverage will be effective on your date of hire.
If you enroll at any time after your initial enrollment period,
you will be considered a late enrollee and required to submit
Proof of Good Health. You may be required to undergo
a medical exam at your own expense before you can be
approved for coverage.
If you enroll in the five‑year coverage option and
subsequently decide to enroll in the full‑duration coverage
option, or if you enroll in the truck driver LTD plan and
subsequently decide to enroll in the truck driver LTD
enhanced plan, you will be considered a late enrollee and
required to provide Proof of Good Health before you can
be approved for coverage.
See the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter
for more details about when coverage is effective.
THE COST OF TRUCK DRIVER LTD COVERAGE
Your cost for truck driver long‑term disability coverage
is based on your biweekly earnings and the type of truck
driver LTD coverage you select. Premiums are deducted
from all wages, including bonuses. Your cost for LTD
coverage is based on your biweekly earnings, your age, and
whether you select the LTD plan or the LTD enhanced plan.
Premiums are deducted from all wages, including bonuses.
If you have no earnings in a pay period, no premiums are
due for that pay period. If while receiving LTD benefits you
receive any other earnings, including bonuses, through the
Walmart payroll systems, your premiums for all benefits
will be withheld from those payments. To review how to
maintain coverage for other benefits, see Keeping your
premiums current in the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter.
When you qualify for truck driver
LTD benefits
Under the terms of the truck driver LTD plans, “disability”
or “disabled” means that, due to an injury or sickness,
during the benefit waiting period and for the next 24
months of disability, you are unable to perform the
material and substantial duties of your own occupation,
or you lose medical certification in accordance with the
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations. After 24 months
of benefit payments, “disability” or “disabled” means that
you are unable to perform, with reasonable continuity,
the material and substantial duties of any occupation for
which you are reasonably fitted by training, education,
experience, age, and physical or mental capacity.
Truck driver long‑term disability
205
In determining whether you are disabled, Lincoln does
not consider employment factors, including interpersonal
conflict in the workplace, recession, job obsolescence, pay
cuts, job sharing, or loss of professional or occupational
license or certification for reasons other than a covered
injury or sickness.
To qualify for truck driver LTD benefits:
• You must be unable to return to work after the initial
benefit waiting period of disability.
• You must continue to be under the appropriate care of a
qualified doctor (qualified doctors include legally licensed
physicians and practitioners who are not related to you and
are performing services within the scope of their licenses).
• Lincoln must receive and approve certification with
accompanying medical documentation of a disability
from your qualified doctor before benefits are considered
for payment.
• You must be actively at work at the time of your
disability. You will be considered actively at work if you
are performing services at the company’s usual place of
business or a location designated by the company or if you
were actually at work on the day immediately preceding:
– A weekend or holiday (except where one or both of
these days are scheduled work days)
– Paid time off (PTO)
– Any non-scheduled work day, or
– An approved leave of absence
If your LTD coverage was subject to Proof of Good Health
and approved by Lincoln, Lincoln has the right to reexamine
your Proof of Good Health questionnaire within the first
two years from the date LTD coverage became effective.
If material facts about you are found to have been stated
inaccurately, the true circumstances will be used to
determine if your coverage should be in effect and for what
amount, and your premium may be adjusted.
PRE-EXISTING CONDITION EXCLUSION
You will not receive truck driver LTD benefits for any
disability or partial disability which begins in your first
12 months after your effective date of coverage if such
disability or partial disability is caused, partially or entirely,
or results from a pre-existing condition. A “pre-existing
condition” means any condition resulting from an injury
or sickness for which you were diagnosed or received
treatment during the three-month period prior to your
effective date. Under the terms of the pre-existing
condition exclusion, you are receiving “treatment” when
you are consulting, receiving care or services provided by
or under the direction of a physician, including diagnostic
measures; being prescribed drugs or medicines, whether you
choose to take them or not; and taking drugs or medicines.
If you change from the five-year duration coverage to the
full-duration coverage under either of the truck driver LTD
plans, or if you change from the truck driver LTD plan to the
truck driver LTD enhanced plan, the pre-existing condition
exclusion will apply to the additional duration or level of
benefits, as applicable. In this scenario, if you had satisfied
the pre-existing condition requirement of the five-year
duration coverage option or the truck driver LTD plan and
then suffer a disability before you satisfy the pre-existing
condition exclusion of the full-duration coverage option
or truck driver LTD enhanced plan, you will only receive
benefits under the five-year duration coverage plan or
truck driver LTD plan, as applicable.
Filing a truck driver LTD claim
If you are on an approved short-term disability claim and
are enrolled in LTD benefits, your claim will be automatically
transitioned from Sedgwick to Lincoln. You may also call
Lincoln at 877-353-6404 as soon as you know you will need
to use your truck driver LTD benefit. Lincoln will provide
you with additional information on how to complete your
claim.
Claims are determined under the time frames and
requirements set out in the Claims and appeals chapter. You
have the right to appeal a claim denial. See the Claims and
appeals chapter for details.
When benefits are not paid
Benefits are not paid for any truck driver LTD claim due to:
• War, declared or undeclared, or any act of war
• Active participation in a riot
• The committing of or attempting to commit a felony or
misdemeanor, or
• Cosmetic surgery, unless such surgery is in connection
with an injury or sickness sustained while you are a
covered person.
No benefit is payable during any period of incarceration.
When truck driver LTD benefits begin
If you are approved by Lincoln for truck driver LTD benefits,
they will begin after your benefit waiting period: 26 weeks
or the end of your short-term disability benefits, whichever
is longer.
Truck driver long‑term disability
206
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
IF YOU RETURN TO WORK DURING
YOUR WAITING PERIOD AND BECOME
DISABLED AGAIN
If you cease to be disabled and return to work for a total of
60 calendar days or less during a waiting period, the waiting
period will be suspended and you must meet the balance
of the waiting period if you become disabled again. If you
return to work for a total of more than 60 calendar days
while satisfying your benefit waiting period, you must satisfy
an entirely new benefit waiting period if you again become
disabled before you are eligible to receive LTD benefits.
Calculating your benefit
The amount of your truck driver LTD is based on:
• Your average monthly wage, and
• Which truck driver LTD plan you’re enrolled in.
AVERAGE MONTHLY WAGE
Length of employment How average monthly wage
is determined
Employed 12 months
or more
Your activity pay, mileage rate, and
bonuses paid in the 26 pay periods
prior to your last day worked ÷ 12
Employed less than
12 months
Your activity pay, mileage rate,
and bonuses since date of hire ÷
the number of months worked
Note that any pay periods in which you have no earnings are
excluded, decreasing the number of pay periods used for
the calculation.
Your truck driver long-term disability benefit is shown below:
YOUR TRUCK DRIVER LONG-TERM DISABILITY BENEFIT
If you are enrolled Your coverage is
In the truck driver
five-year coverage LTD
plan or the truck driver
full-duration coverage
LTD plan
50% of your average monthly
wage up to a maximum monthly
benefit of $15,000, minus the
amount of certain other benefits
or income you are eligible to
receive (for example, Social
Security disability benefits)*
In the truck driver
five-year coverage
LTD enhanced plan
or the truck driver
full‑duration coverage
LTD enhanced plan
60% of your average monthly
wage up to a maximum monthly
benefit of $18,000, minus the
amount of certain other benefits
or income you are eligible to
receive (for example, Social
Security disability benefits)*
* See Other benefits or income that reduces truck driver
long-term disability benefits for more information.
Your benefit will be no less than $50 for any month that
you are eligible to receive LTD benefits. The total of your
monthly disability payment, plus all earnings, cannot exceed
your average monthly wage prior to your disability.
Truck driver LTD benefits are paid biweekly, as long as
you continue to be disabled as defined by the truck driver
LTD plans.
Lincoln has the right to recover from you any amount that
is overpaid to you for truck driver LTD benefits under the
truck driver LTD plan or the truck driver LTD enhanced plan.
PTO AND YOUR LTD BENEFIT
Paid time off (PTO) may not be used while receiving LTD
benefits. If you are receiving LTD benefits at the end of
the PTO plan year, refer to your location’s PTO policy for
payout and/or carryover information. You do not accrue
additional PTO while receiving LTD benefits.
TAXES AND YOUR LTD BENEFIT
You pay 100% of the costs of your LTD coverage with after‑tax
contributions. As such, benefits payable to you under the
truck driver LTD plans are not subject to income taxes.
OTHER BENEFITS OR INCOME THAT REDUCES
TRUCK DRIVER LTD BENEFITS
Your truck driver LTD benefit amount is reduced, or offset,
by other benefits or income you receive or are eligible
to receive. “Other income” includes any earnings from
any form of employment, including under any formal or
informal sick leave or salary continuation plans. Except
with respect to retirement benefits, “other benefits” only
includes amounts you (or, under certain circumstances, your
family) are entitled to as the result of the same disability
for which your truck driver LTD benefit relates. Examples of
other benefits include amounts from the following:
• Social Security disability insurance (including amounts
your family receives or is eligible to receive due to
your disability)
• Social Security retirement benefits that are granted
after the date of disability (including benefits your family
receives or is eligible to receive due to your eligibility for
retirement benefits)
• Workers’ compensation
• Company-related group insurance plans providing
disability benefits
• Company-paid or partially paid individual policies
providing disability benefits to the extent such benefits,
plus your truck driver LTD benefit, exceed your average
monthly wage
• No-fault automobile insurance
Truck driver long‑term disability
207
• Any ongoing short-term disability benefits payable
under Walmart short-term disability coverage
(i.e., relapse‑related benefits)
• State disability payments
• Unemployment benefits, or benefits under any other
governmental benefit act or law
• Settlement or judgment, less associated costs of a lawsuit,
that represents or compensates for your loss of earnings
or bodily function.
If any of the other benefits that reduce your LTD benefits
are subsequently adjusted by cost-of-living increases, your
LTD benefit will not be further reduced. Refer to the policy
for a complete list of offsets. You may obtain a copy of the
truck driver LTD policy by calling Lincoln at 877-353-6404.
EXAMPLE: REDUCTION OF TRUCK DRIVER LTD BENEFIT
LTD Plan
(50%)
LTD Enhanced
Plan (60%)
Average monthly wage $3,000 $3,000
Benefit amount
(percentage of average
monthly wage, subject to
the monthly maximum)
$1,500 $1,800
Less estimated Social
Security disability benefit
- $750 - $750
Less dependent’s
estimated Social
Security benefits
- $375 - $375
LTD payment (monthly) $375 $675
APPLYING FOR SOCIAL SECURITY
DISABILITY BENEFITS
You may be eligible to receive Social Security disability
benefits after you have been disabled for five months. If your
disability has lasted 12 consecutive months, or is expected to,
the truck driver LTD policy terms may require you to apply
for Social Security disability benefits. If the Social Security
Administration denies you benefits, you will be required to
follow the Social Security Administration’s appeal process.
If you are required to pursue Social Security disability
benefits and you do not apply, or you do not provide proof
of application or appeal, your LTD benefits will be reduced
by the amount you are estimated to receive from Social
Security disability.
If you qualify for Social Security disability or retirement
benefits while you are receiving benefits under any of the
truck driver LTD plan options and your Social Security
disability claim is approved retroactively, you must
reimburse Lincoln for any LTD benefits overpaid during the
period covered by the retroactive Social Security approval.
Lincoln may assist you in filing for Social Security disability
benefits. To be eligible for assistance, you must be receiving
a benefit from Lincoln.
If you are disabled and working
You may be eligible to receive disability benefits if you are
partially disabled. Under the truck driver LTD plans, “partial
disability” and “partially disabled” mean that, as a result of
sickness or injury, you are able to:
• Perform one or more, but not all, of the material and
substantial duties of your own or any occupation on a
full-time or part-time basis, or
• Perform all of the material and substantial duties of your
own occupation or any occupation on a part-time basis, and
• Earn between 20% and 80% of your indexed average
monthly wage.
If you accept a new position and perform all of the material
and substantial duties on a full-time basis, you are not
partially disabled.
Lincoln offers a work incentive benefit for the first three
months that you are partially disabled and working. You
will continue to receive the full amount of your monthly
benefit for the first three months if you are partially
disabled, unless your benefit and current monthly earnings
exceed your pre‑disability basic monthly earnings. Your
monthly benefit will be reduced by the excess amount so
that the monthly benefit plus your earnings do not exceed
100% of your average monthly wage.
After the first three months that you are partially disabled
and working, the following calculation is used to determine
your monthly benefit for a partial disability.
DISABLED AND WORKING BENEFIT CALCULATION
[(A - B) ÷ A] x C = D
A Your indexed average monthly wage*
B Your current partial monthly earnings
C The monthly benefit payable if you were qualified as
disabled, less other income earnings
D The disabled and working benefit payable
*“Indexed average monthly wage” means your pre‑disability
monthly earnings increased annually by 7% or the percentage
increase in the Consumer Price Index, whichever is less.
IF YOU PASS AWAY WHILE RECEIVING TRUCK
DRIVER LTD BENEFITS
Coverage under the truck driver LTD plans ends upon
your death. However, if you pass away while receiving
truck driver LTD benefits, a lump sum payment of $5,000
or three times your gross monthly LTD benefit, whichever 
Truck driver long‑term disability
208
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
is greater, will be paid to your surviving spouse/partner. If
you are not survived by a spouse/partner, the payment will
be made to your surviving children, including stepchildren
and legally adopted children, in equal shares. However, if
any of these children are minors or incapacitated, payment
will be made on their behalf to the court-appointed
guardian of the children’s property. If you are not survived
by a spouse/partner or children, the payment will be made
to your estate.
When truck driver LTD benefit
payments end
Truck driver LTD benefit payments end on the earliest of:
• The date you fail to furnish proof of continued disability
and regular attendance of a doctor
• The date you fail to cooperate in the administration of your
claim. For example: providing information or documents
needed to determine whether benefits are payable and/or
determining the benefit amount
• The date you refuse to be examined or evaluated at
reasonable intervals
• The date you refuse to receive appropriate available
treatment
• The date you refuse a similar job with Walmart, paying
comparable wages, where workplace modifications or
accommodations are made to allow you to perform the
material and substantial duties of your job
• The date you are able to work in your own occupation on a
part-time basis but choose not to
• The date your partial disability monthly earnings exceed
80% of your indexed average monthly wage
• The date you no longer meet the plan’s definition of disabled
• The last day of the maximum period for which benefits are
payable (see charts on the right), or
• The date of your death.
FIVE-YEAR COVERAGE
Five-year coverage pays benefits for 60 months unless the
amount of time shown in the Maximum duration of truck
driver LTD benefits chart on right will result in a benefits
duration of less than 60 months, in which case the monthly
benefit will be payable for the lesser period.
FULL-DURATION COVERAGE
Full-duration coverage pays benefits for the amount of time
shown in the Maximum duration of truck driver LTD benefits
chart on the right.
MAXIMUM DURATION OF TRUCK DRIVER LTD BENEFITS
Age when you
become disabled Benefits duration
Prior to age 62 Until normal retirement age
(as listed below)
62 48 months
63 42 months
64 36 months
65 30 months
66 27 months
67 24 months
68 21 months
69 or older 18 months
SOCIAL SECURITY NORMAL RETIREMENT AGE
Year of birth Normal retirement age
1937 or before 65
1938 65 + 2 months
1939 65 + 4 months
1940 65 + 6 months
1941 65 + 8 months
1942 65 + 10 months
1943 through 1954 66
1955 66 + 2 months
1956 66 + 4 months
1957 66 + 6 months
1958 66 + 8 months
1959 66 + 10 months
1960 or after 67
IF THE DISABILITY IS DUE TO MENTAL ILLNESS,
ALCOHOLISM, OR DRUG ADDICTION
To receive truck driver LTD benefits for more than
24 months for the following disabilities, you must be
confined in a hospital or other place licensed to provide
medical care:
• Mental illness (excluding demonstrable, structural brain
damage)
• Any condition that results from mental illness
• Alcoholism, and
• Non-medical use of narcotics, sedatives, stimulants,
hallucinogens, or similar substances.
Truck driver long‑term disability
209
When you are not confined to a hospital or other licensed
facility, there is a 24-month lifetime benefit for these
disabilities unless you are fully participating in an extended
treatment plan for the condition that caused the disability,
in which case the benefit is payable for up to 36 months.
If you return to work and become
disabled again
If you return to work for less than six months of active
full‑time work and become disabled again from the same or
a related condition that caused the first period of disability,
as determined by Lincoln, known as a “relapse/successive
claim,” the successive disability will be part of the same
disability. Your LTD benefits will pick up where they left off
before you came back to work. No additional waiting period
will be required. The combined benefit duration for both
periods of disability will not exceed the maximum duration
listed in the chart on the previous page.
If you return to work as an active full-time associate for
six months or more, any recurrence of a disability will be
treated as a new disability. A new benefit waiting period
must be completed.
If you go on a leave of absence or
experience a temporary layoff
Once your truck driver LTD coverage is effective and you
are eligible to file a claim for benefits, if you are not actively
at work due to a leave of absence or temporary layoff, you
will continue to be eligible for truck driver LTD benefits for
90 days from your last day of work. Your eligibility for truck
driver LTD benefits ends on the 91st day after your leave of
absence or temporary layoff begins, but is reinstated if you
return to active work status within one year. See Keeping
your premiums current in the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter for more information, including
details on paying for benefits coverage while on leave.
When coverage ends
Your truck driver LTD coverage ends:
• On the date you voluntarily drop coverage (as described
in the next column)
• On the last day of the pay period when your job status
changes from an eligible job status
• The last day of coverage for which premiums were paid,
if you fail to pay your premiums within 30 days of the date
your premium is due
• On the date you lose eligibility
• If you do not return to work after the last day of a leave of
absence
• When the benefit is no longer offered by the company, or
• On the date of your death.
If you voluntarily drop coverage after an election change
event or at Annual Enrollment, coverage ends as follows:
• After an election change event: coverage ends on the
effective date of the event. See Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for information.
• At Annual Enrollment: coverage ends on December 31 of
the current year.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you are a full-time truck driver, see the If you leave
the company and are rehired section in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for details
regarding the impact to your benefits of terminating
employment with the company and then returning to work.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
This information is intended to be a summary of your benefits and may not include all policy provisions. If
there is a discrepancy between this document and the policy issued by Prudential regarding the calculation
of benefits and limitations under the policy, the terms of the policy will govern. You may obtain a copy of
this policy by contacting the Plan.
Company‑paid
life insurance
Company-paid life insurance 212
Naming a beneficiary 212
Early payout due to terminal illness 212
Filing a claim 213
When benefits are not paid 213
When coverage ends 213
EstateGuidance® 213
Continuing your company-paid life insurance after you leave Walmart or lose coverage 213
If you leave the company and are rehired 214
The information in this chapter describes company-paid
life insurance benefits that may be available to you if:
• You are a full-time hourly or salaried (management) associate, and
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Company‑paid life insurance
211
Company‑paid life insurance
Life insurance is automatically provided by Walmart at no cost to you. So you can rest easy
knowing your loved ones will have financial help if the unthinkable happens.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Change your beneficiary designation Go to One.Walmart.com Beneficiary changes cannot be made
over the phone
• Get more coverage details
• Request an accelerated benefit
• Get details about continuing
your insurance
Call Prudential at 877-740-2116
File a claim Call Prudential at 877-740-2116
What you need to know about company-paid life insurance
• If you are an eligible associate, Walmart provides life insurance coverage at no cost to you. No enrollment is necessary,
and Proof of Good Health is not required.
• Your coverage amount is equal to your annualized rate of pay, including overtime and bonuses, during the one‑year
period prior to your death, rounded to the nearest $1,000, to a maximum of $50,000.
• An early payout due to terminal illness is available.
• Coverage is provided through The Prudential Insurance Company of America (Prudential).
• This policy is term life insurance. It has no cash value.
• The Certificate of Insurance is available online at One.Walmart.com or at Prudential.com/Walmart. The certificate
provides detailed information about company-paid life insurance, in addition to the highlights available in this chapter.
Company‑paid life insurance
212
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Company-paid life insurance
Your company‑paid coverage amount is equal to your
annualized rate of pay, including overtime and bonuses,
during the one‑year period prior to your death, rounded to
the nearest $1,000, to a maximum of $50,000.
If your death occurs outside a 100‑mile radius of your
home, there is a benefit for expenses incurred to return
your body to either a preferred location within the United
States or to your residence at the time of death. The benefit
includes expenses for embalming, cremation, coffin, and
transportation of your remains. The benefit is the lesser of
the cost to return your remains or $10,000.
Naming a beneficiary
To ensure your company-paid life insurance benefit is paid
according to your wishes, you must name a beneficiary(ies).
You may do this by going to One.Walmart.com. Note that
only beneficiary designations made online are accepted.
No paper forms are accepted.
You can name anyone you wish. If the beneficiary(ies) you
list with Walmart differs from the beneficiary(ies) named in
your will, the list that Walmart has prevails. If you have not
designated a beneficiary(ies) under the company-paid life
insurance benefit, payment will be made to your surviving
family members as described under If you do not name a
beneficiary later in this chapter.
The following information is needed for each beneficiary:
• Name
• Current address and phone number
• Relationship to you
• Social Security number
• Date of birth, and
• The percentage you wish to designate per beneficiary,
up to 100%.
If two or more beneficiaries are designated and their
shares are not specified, they will share the insurance
benefit equally. If a named beneficiary dies before you, that
beneficiary’s interest will end, and will be shared equally
by any remaining beneficiaries unless your beneficiary
form states otherwise. If you and a beneficiary die in the
same event and it cannot be determined who died first, the
beneficiary will be treated as having died before you.
You can name a minor as a beneficiary; however, Prudential
may not be legally permitted to pay the minor until the minor
reaches legal age. You may want to consult an attorney or an
estate planner before naming a minor as a beneficiary. If you
name a minor as a beneficiary, funeral expenses cannot be
paid from the minor’s beneficiary proceeds.
CHANGING YOUR BENEFICIARY
You can change your beneficiary(ies) at any time on
One.Walmart.com. Any change in beneficiary must be
completed and submitted to Walmart before your death and
can be submitted only by you, the covered associate. No
paper forms are accepted.
IF YOU DO NOT NAME A BENEFICIARY
If no beneficiary is named or there is no surviving
beneficiary at the time of your death, payment will be made
to surviving family members in the following order:
• Spouse or partner of the deceased; if not surviving, then
• Children in equal shares; if not surviving, then
• Parents in equal shares; if not surviving, then
• Siblings in equal shares; if not surviving, then
• Your estate.
Be sure to keep your beneficiary information
up to date. Proceeds will go to whoever is
listed on your beneficiary form with Walmart,
regardless of your current relationship with
that person, unless state law says otherwise.
You can change your beneficiary(ies) at any
time on One.Walmart.com. No paper forms
are accepted.
Early payout due to terminal illness
If you are terminally ill, you may elect to receive an
“accelerated benefit” while you are still living of up to 50%
of the amount your beneficiary(ies) would have received
upon your death (measured on the date you provide proof
of your terminal illness). Payment is made to you in a lump
sum. Upon your death, your beneficiary(ies) receives the
greater of (a) 100% of your annual earnings, based on the
most recent average salary for the last 26 pay‑periods,
reduced by the amount of any terminal illness proceeds paid
under the option to accelerate payment of death benefits,
or (b) the amount of insurance in effect prior to payment
of any terminal illness proceeds, reduced by the amount
of any terminal illness proceeds paid under the option to
accelerate payment of death benefits.
If you terminate from the company after you have received
(or begun to receive) the accelerated benefit, you will need
to convert the policy for your beneficiary(ies) to receive the
remaining balance upon your death. If you do not convert the
policy upon termination of your employment, no benefit will
be payable to your beneficiary(ies). See the Continuing your
company-paid life insurance after you leave Walmart or lose
coverage section in this chapter for details on conversion.
Company‑paid life insurance
213
Under the policy, you are considered terminally ill if death
is expected within 12 months and a doctor can certify the
illness or injury as terminal.
There may be circumstances in which the accelerated
benefit is not paid. Contact Prudential at 877-740-2116
for details.
Please consult with a tax professional to assess the impact
of this benefit.
Filing a claim
The following information must be provided to Prudential
regarding the deceased associate:
• Name
• Social Security number
• Date of death, and
• Cause of death (if known).
An original or certified copy of the death certificate is
required as proof of death. The death certificate should be
mailed to:
The Prudential Insurance Company of America
Group Life Claim Division
P.O. Box 8517
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19176
The claim will not be finalized until Prudential receives the
death certificate. Acceptance of the death certificate is not
a guarantee of payment.
Claims are determined under the time frames and
requirements set out in the Claims and appeals chapter.
Your beneficiary(ies) has the right to appeal a claim denial.
Benefits are paid according to the terms of the insurance
policy. For details, contact Prudential at 877-740-2116.
When benefits are not paid
Benefits are not paid to any beneficiary(ies) who engaged
in an illegal act that resulted in the associate’s death.
The benefit in this circumstance would go to another
eligible designated beneficiary or, if there is no other
surviving beneficiary, to a beneficiary in the default
list, as specified under If you do not name a beneficiary
earlier in this chapter.
No benefits are paid if you die before your coverage
effective date.
When coverage ends
Your company-paid life insurance coverage ends:
• At termination of your employment
• On the last day of the pay period when your job status
changes to part-time
• On the date of your death
• On the date that you lose eligibility
• On the last day of an approved leave of absence (unless
you return to work), or
• When the benefit is no longer offered by the company.
This policy is term life insurance. It has no cash value.
EstateGuidance®
EstateGuidance offers you the convenience of online
will preparation from your personal computer at no cost
to you. Wills ensure that your assets will be distributed
in accordance with your wishes and allow you to name
a guardian of your minor children. To complete the
online will questionnaire, log on to willguidance.com,
password: Walmart.
NOTE: Your will does not override the beneficiary
designation on a life insurance policy or retirement account
(such as a 401(k) plan). For this reason, be sure to review
your beneficiary designations, particularly after you have
created a will, to make sure your designations are consistent
and fully in line with your wishes. If the beneficiary(ies) you
have listed with Walmart differs from the beneficiary(ies)
named in your will, the list that Walmart has prevails.
Continuing your company-paid life
insurance after you leave Walmart
or lose coverage
In most circumstances, you have two options to continue
your company-paid life insurance if your group life coverage
ends. The first option, called portability, allows you to
continue all or a portion of your coverage through a group
term policy with Prudential. The second option, called
conversion, allows you to convert all or a portion of your
coverage to a Prudential individual policy.
You must apply for portability or conversion within
31 days of the date your company-paid coverage ends.
If you die within 31 days of a qualifying loss of coverage
and before electing portability or conversion of your life
insurance coverage, Prudential will pay a death benefit
to your beneficiary. The benefit will be paid based on the
amount of coverage in effect prior to the qualifying loss
of coverage, even if you did not apply for portability or
conversion of your coverage.
Company‑paid life insurance
214
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Portability enables you to maintain similar term life
insurance with Prudential after your employment ends
if certain conditions are met. Proof of Good Health is
required to “port” your coverage. If you do not pass or do
not submit Proof of Good Health, you will be eligible to
convert your company-paid life insurance to an individual
policy, as described below.
You can apply for term life coverage under the portability
feature if you meet all of these conditions:
• Your company-paid life coverage ends for any reason
other than:
– you leave the company due to a disability, or
– Walmart changes group life insurance carriers and you
are, or become, eligible within the next 31 days.
• You are actively at work on the day your company-paid
insurance ends.
• You are less than age 80.
• Your amount of insurance is at least $20,000 on the day
your company-paid insurance ends.
If you meet these conditions, you will have 31 days from
your termination date to contact Prudential and enroll.
Conversion is a required Plan provision that allows you
to convert your life insurance coverage to an individual
policy if coverage would end due to your termination
of employment or transfer from an eligible class. Proof
of Good Health is not required. Rates are based on your
age and amount converted. You have 31 days from the
termination date of coverage to request to convert your
coverage to an individual policy. If your death occurs during
the 31-day conversion period, the death benefit will be
payable up to the amount that could have been converted.
If you are a resident of Minnesota, you have a continuation
right instead of a conversion right when you lose coverage
due to a reduction in your hours or termination of
employment (other than for gross misconduct). You may
elect to continue coverage at your expense until you obtain
coverage under another group life insurance policy; however,
the maximum period that coverage may be continued is
18 months. If you continue coverage, at the expiration of
the continuation period you may convert your life insurance
coverage to an individual policy, as described above.
To request information on portability or conversion, call
Prudential at 877-740-2116.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you are a full-time hourly or management associate
(including full-time truck drivers but not part-time truck
drivers), see the If you leave the company and are rehired
section in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
chapter for details regarding the impact to your benefits
of terminating employment with the company and then
returning to work.
Company‑paid life insurance
215
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
This information is intended to be a summary of your benefits and may not include all policy provisions. If
there is a discrepancy between this document and the policy issued by Prudential regarding the calculation
of benefits and limitations under the policy, the terms of the policy will govern. You may obtain a copy of
this policy by contacting the Plan.
Optional associate
life insurance
Optional associate life insurance 218
Naming a beneficiary 218
Early payout due to terminal illness 219
Filing a claim 219
When benefits are not paid 219
Break in coverage 219
When coverage ends 220
Continuing your optional associate life insurance after you leave Walmart or lose coverage 220
If you leave the company and are rehired 221
The information in this chapter describes optional associate life
insurance benefits that may be available to you if:
• You are an hourly, temporary, part-time truck driver, or salaried (management) associate
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements, and
• You have enrolled in a timely manner.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Optional associate life insurance
217
Optional associate life insurance
Optional associate life insurance takes care of your family by giving them extra financial
protection during a difficult time.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Change your beneficiary designation Go to One.Walmart.com Beneficiary changes cannot be made
over the phone
• Get more details
• Request an accelerated benefit
• Get details about continuing your
insurance
Call Prudential at 877‑740‑2116
File a claim Call Prudential at 877‑740‑2116
What you need to know about optional associate life insurance
• Depending on the amount of coverage you choose and when you enroll, you may be required to provide Proof of
Good Health.
• An early payout due to terminal illness is available.
• Coverage is provided through The Prudential Insurance Company of America (Prudential).
• This policy is term life insurance. It has no cash value.
• The Certificate of Insurance available online at One.Walmart.com or at Prudential.com/Walmart. The certificate
provides detailed information about company-paid life insurance, in addition to the highlights available in this chapter.
Optional associate life insurance
218
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Optional associate life insurance
Optional associate life insurance protects your family if you
die while coverage is in effect. If you become terminally ill, a
benefit may be payable to you while you are still living.
Your coverage choices for optional associate life insurance
depend on your job classification, as reflected in the
company’s payroll system. The coverage amounts you can
choose are shown in the chart below.
HOURLY ASSOCIATES AND
PART‑TIME TRUCK DRIVERS
MANAGEMENT
ASSOCIATES
$25,000 $100,000 $25,000 $200,000
$50,000 $150,000 $50,000 $300,000
$75,000 $200,000 $75,000 $500,000
$100,000 $750,000
$150,000 $1,000,000
For details about eligible job classifications, see the Enrollment
and effective dates by job classification section in the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
If you die, your beneficiary(ies) may receive a lump sum
payment for the coverage amount you select.
The cost of optional associate life insurance is based on the
coverage amount you select, your age, and whether you
are eligible for tobacco-free rates. Premiums from optional
associate life coverage do not subsidize coverage under
company-paid life insurance.
PROOF OF GOOD HEALTH
Proof of Good Health is required for optional associate life
insurance if:
• The coverage amount selected is above $25,000 during
your initial enrollment period
• You enroll after your initial enrollment period for any
amount, or
• You increase your coverage after your initial
enrollment period.
Proof of Good Health includes completing a questionnaire
regarding your medical history and possibly having a
medical exam. The Proof of Good Health questionnaire
is made available when you enroll.
If Proof of Good Health is required, coverage will not be
effective until Prudential approves. See the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for details.
Naming a beneficiary
To ensure that your life insurance benefit is paid according
to your wishes, you must name a beneficiary(ies) to receive
your optional associate life insurance benefit if you die. You
may do this by going to One.Walmart.com. No paper forms
are accepted.
You can name anyone you wish. If the beneficiary(ies) you
list with Walmart differs from the beneficiary(ies) named in
your will, the list that Walmart has prevails. If you have not
designated a beneficiary(ies) under the optional associate
life insurance benefit, payment will be made to your
surviving family members as described under If you do not
name a beneficiary later in this chapter.
The following information is needed for each beneficiary:
• Name
• Current address and phone number
• Relationship to you
• Social Security number
• Date of birth, and
• The percentage you wish to designate per beneficiary,
up to 100%.
If two or more beneficiaries are designated and their
shares are not specified, they will share the insurance
benefit equally. If a named beneficiary dies before you,
that beneficiary’s interest will end and will be shared equally
by any remaining beneficiary(ies), unless your beneficiary
form states otherwise. If you and a beneficiary die in the
same event and it cannot be determined who died first,
the beneficiary will be treated as having died before you.
You can name a minor as a beneficiary; however, Prudential
may not be legally permitted to pay the minor until the minor
reaches legal age. You may want to consult an attorney or an
estate planner before naming a minor as a beneficiary. If you
name a minor as a beneficiary, funeral expenses cannot be
paid from the minor’s beneficiary proceeds.
CHANGING YOUR BENEFICIARY
You can change your beneficiary(ies) at any time on
One.Walmart.com. No paper forms are accepted.
Be sure to keep your beneficiary information
up to date. Proceeds will go to whoever is
listed on your beneficiary form with Walmart,
regardless of your current relationship with
that person, unless state law says otherwise.
You can change your beneficiary(ies) at any
time on One.Walmart.com.
Optional associate life insurance
219
IF YOU DO NOT NAME A BENEFICIARY
If no beneficiary is named or there is no surviving
beneficiary at the time of your death, payment will be made
to surviving family members in the following order:
• Spouse or partner of the deceased; if not surviving, then
• Children in equal shares; if not surviving, then
• Parents in equal shares; if not surviving, then
• Siblings in equal shares; if not surviving, then
• Your estate.
Early payout due to terminal illness
If you are terminally ill, you may elect to receive an
“accelerated benefit” while you are still living of up to 50%
of the coverage amount your beneficiary(ies) would have
received upon your death, up to a $250,000 maximum.
Payment is made to you in a lump sum. Upon your death,
your beneficiary(ies) receives the total amount of coverage
in effect at your death minus the amount of early payouts
you received before your death.
If you terminate from the company after you have received
(or begun to receive) the accelerated benefit, you will need
to convert the policy for your beneficiary(ies) to receive
the remaining balance upon your death. If you do not
convert the policy upon termination of your employment,
no benefit will be payable to your beneficiary(ies). See the
Continuing your optional associate life insurance after you
leave Walmart or lose coverage section later in this chapter
for details on conversion.
Under the policy, you are considered terminally ill if death
is expected within 12 months and a doctor can certify the
illness or injury as terminal.
There may be circumstances in which the accelerated
benefit is not paid. Contact Prudential at 877-740-2116
for details.
Please consult a tax professional to assess the impact of
this benefit.
Filing a claim
The following information must be provided to Prudential
regarding the deceased associate:
• Name
• Social Security number
• Date of death, and
• Cause of death (if known).
An original or certified copy of the death certificate is
required as proof of death. The death certificate should be
mailed to:
The Prudential Insurance Company of America
Group Life Claim Division
P.O. Box 8517
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19176
Claims are determined under the time frames and
requirements set out in the Claims and appeals chapter.
Your beneficiary has the right to appeal a claim denial.
Benefits are paid according to the terms of the insurance
policy. For more details, contact Prudential at 877-740-2116.
When benefits are not paid
No benefits are paid to your beneficiary(ies) if you die as
a result of suicide while sane or insane during the first two
years of coverage. If you increase your coverage and you
die as a result of suicide within two years of the date you
increase your coverage, your beneficiary(ies) will receive
the prior coverage amount.
If your beneficiary(ies) files a claim within the first two
years of your approval date, Prudential has the right to
reexamine your Proof of Good Health questionnaire.
If material facts about you are found to have been stated
inaccurately, the true circumstances will be used to
determine what amount of coverage should have been in
effect, if any, and:
• The claim may be denied, and
• Premiums paid may be refunded.
If you die before your coverage effective date, no benefits
will be paid.
Break in coverage
There may be occasions in which you must make special
arrangements to pay your optional associate life insurance
premiums to avoid a break in coverage. These situations
occur most commonly if you are on a leave of absence or
if your Walmart paycheck is not sufficient to pay your full
share of the cost of coverage (such as after a reduction in
hours). Failure to make your premium payments by the due
date may result in an interruption in the payment of any
benefit claims and/or a break in coverage.
For details on the impact a break in coverage may have,
and on how to make personal payments to continue your
coverage, see Keeping your premiums current in the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Optional associate life insurance
220
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
IF YOU GO ON A LEAVE OF ABSENCE
You may continue your coverage up to the last day of an
approved leave of absence, provided that you pay your
premiums before or during the leave. For information about
making payments while on a leave of absence, see Keeping
your premiums current in the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter.
When coverage ends
Your optional associate life insurance coverage ends:
• On the date you voluntarily drop coverage (as described
below)
• At termination of your employment
• On the last day of coverage for which premiums were paid,
if you fail to pay your premiums within 30 days of the date
your premium is due
• On the date of your death
• On the last day of an approved leave of absence (unless
you return to work), or
• When the benefit is no longer offered by the company.
If you voluntarily drop coverage after an election change
event or at Annual Enrollment, coverage ends as follows:
• After an election change event: coverage ends on the
effective date of the event. See Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for information.
• At Annual Enrollment: coverage ends on December 31 of
the current year.
This policy is term life insurance. It has no cash value.
Continuing your optional associate
life insurance after you leave
Walmart or lose coverage
In most circumstances, you have two options to continue
your optional associate life insurance if your group life
coverage ends. The first option, called portability, allows
you to continue all or a portion of your current coverage
through a group term policy with Prudential. The second
option, called conversion, allows you to convert all or a
portion of your coverage to a Prudential individual policy.
You must apply for portability or conversion within 31 days
of the date your coverage ends. If you die within 31 days of
a qualifying loss of coverage and before electing portability
or conversion of your life insurance coverage, Prudential
will pay a death benefit to your beneficiary. The benefit will
be paid based on the amount of coverage in effect prior to
the qualifying loss of coverage, even if you did not apply for
portability or conversion of your coverage.
Portability enables you to maintain similar term life
insurance with Prudential after your employment ends if
certain conditions are met. Proof of Good Health is not
required to “port” your coverage. You can, however, receive
preferred rates similar to the rates you paid while an active
associate if you submit and pass Proof of Good Health. If
you do not pass or do not submit Proof of Good Health, your
rates will be based on Prudential’s standard portability rates.
You can apply for term life coverage under the portability
feature if you meet all of these conditions:
• Your optional associate life coverage ends for any reason
other than:
– your failure to pay premiums while an active associate
– you leave the company due to a disability, or
– Walmart changes group life insurance carriers and you
are, or become, eligible within the next 31 days.
• You meet the active work requirement on the day your
insurance ends.
• You are less than age 80.
• Your amount of insurance is at least $20,000 on the day
your insurance ends.
If you meet these conditions, you will have 31 days from
your termination date to contact Prudential and enroll.
Prudential will notify you of the amount of portability
coverage offered. The amount of insurance coverage
offered will be no more than the lesser of the amount of
coverage you elected under the plan or not more than five
times your annual earnings; provided, however, the amount
will not be less than $20,000.
Conversion is a required Plan provision that allows you
to convert your life insurance coverage to an individual
policy if coverage would end due to your termination of
employment or transfer from an eligible class. Proof of
Good Health is not required. Rates are based on your age
and amount converted. You must apply for the individual
contract and pay the first premium by the later of:
• the 31st day after you cease to be insured, or
• the 15th day after you have been given written notice of
the conversion privilege.
If your death occurs during the 31-day conversion period,
the death benefit will be payable up to the amount that
could have been converted.
If you are a resident of Minnesota, you have a continuation
right instead of a conversion right when you lose coverage
due to a reduction in your hours or termination of
employment (other than for gross misconduct). You may
elect to continue coverage at your expense until you
obtain coverage under another group life plan; however,
the maximum period that coverage may be continued is 18
months. If you continue coverage, at the expiration of the 
Optional associate life insurance
221
continuation period you may convert your life insurance
coverage to an individual policy, up to the amount of
coverage in effect at that time. You have 31 days from the
date continuation coverage would end to request to convert
your coverage to an individual policy.
To request information on portability or conversion, call
Prudential at 877-740-2116
.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you are a part
-time or temporary associate who is subject
to the 60
-day, one
-time, and annual eligibility checks for
medical benefits, see the Part
‑time hourly and temporary
associates: eligibility checks for medical benefits section in
the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for
details regarding the impact to your benefits of terminating
employment with the company and then returning to work.
If you are a full
-time hourly, management, or truck driver
associate, see the If you leave the company and are rehired
section in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
chapter for details regarding the impact to your benefits
of terminating employment with the company and then
returning to work.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
This information is intended to be a summary of your benefits and may not include all policy provisions. If
there is a discrepancy between this document and the policy issued by Prudential regarding the calculation
of benefits and limitations under the policy, the terms of the policy will govern. You may obtain a copy of
this policy by contacting the Plan.
Optional dependent
life insurance
Optional dependent life insurance 224
Additional benefits 224
Filing a claim 225
When benefits are not paid 225
Break in coverage 225
When coverage ends 225
Continuing spouse/partner coverage after you leave Walmart or lose coverage 226
If you leave the company and are rehired 227
The information in this chapter describes optional dependent
life insurance benefits that may be available to you if:
• You are an hourly, temporary, part-time truck driver, or salaried (management) associate
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements, and
• You have enrolled in a timely manner.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Optional dependent life insurance
223
Optional dependent life insurance
Optional dependent life insurance can help ease your financial situation if you lose someone close
to you, like a spouse, partner, or child.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Get more details Go to One.Walmart.com Call Prudential at 877-740-2116
File a claim Call Prudential at 877-740-2116
What you need to know about optional dependent life insurance
• Full‑time hourly and management associates can enroll their spouse/partners and/or their children; part‑time hourly
associates and part‑time truck drivers can enroll their children but not their spouse/partners.
• Proof of Good Health for your spouse/partner is required if you enroll for a coverage amount above $5,000 during
your initial enrollment period, or for any coverage amount if you enroll at any other time. Proof of Good Health is not
required for your children.
• Your dependent is not eligible for coverage while on active duty in the armed forces of any country.
• Coverage is provided through the Prudential Insurance Company of America (Prudential).
• This policy is term life insurance. It has no cash value.
• The Certificate of Insurance is available online at One.Walmart.com or at Prudential.com/Walmart. The certificate
provides detailed information about company-paid life insurance, in addition to the highlights available in this chapter.
Optional dependent life insurance
224
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Optional dependent life insurance
Optional dependent life insurance pays you a financial
benefit if you are an enrolled associate and your dependent
dies while coverage is in effect.
When you enroll in optional dependent life insurance, if your
covered spouse/partner and/or legal dependent dies, you
may receive a lump sum payment for the coverage amount
you select. The coverage choices for optional dependent
life insurance are as follows:
SPOUSE/PARTNER COVERAGE* CHILD COVERAGE
$5,000 $75,000 $5,000
$15,000 $100,000 $10,000
$25,000 $150,000 $20,000
$50,000 $200,000
*Not available for part-time hourly associates, temporary
associates, or part-time truck drivers
Depending on the coverage amount you choose and when
you enroll, your spouse/partner may be required to provide
Proof of Good Health.
You (the associate) are automatically assigned as the
primary beneficiary of your dependent’s life insurance
coverage. If you and your covered dependent or
dependents die at the same time, benefits are paid to your
dependent’s estate or, at Prudential’s option, to a surviving
relative of the dependent.
The cost of optional dependent life insurance for your
spouse/partner is based on the coverage amount you select,
your (the associate’s) age, and whether your spouse/partner
is eligible for the tobacco-free rates. The cost of coverage
for your children is based on the coverage amount you
select. Premiums from optional dependent life coverage do
not subsidize coverage under company-paid life insurance.
Your dependent is not eligible for coverage while on active
duty in the armed forces of any country.
If your spouse/partner or dependent child is confined for
medical treatment (at home or elsewhere), coverage is
delayed until the spouse/partner or child has a medical release
(does not apply to a newborn child).
This policy is term life insurance. It has no cash value.
PROOF OF GOOD HEALTH
Proof of Good Health is required for your spouse/partner’s
optional dependent life insurance coverage if:
• The coverage amount selected is above $5,000
during your initial enrollment period
• You enroll after your initial enrollment period for
any amount, or
• You increase your coverage after your initial
enrollment period.
Proof of Good Health is not required for children.
Within 60 days of marriage/partnership, you may elect
to cover your spouse/partner or change the amount of
insurance for your spouse/partner. In this instance, even
though you are outside your initial enrollment period,
your spouse/partner is not required to provide Proof of
Good Health unless you select a coverage amount greater
than $5,000.
Proof of Good Health includes completing a questionnaire
regarding your spouse/partner’s medical history and
possibly requiring your spouse/partner to have a medical
exam. The Proof of Good Health questionnaire is made
available when you enroll your spouse/partner.
If Proof of Good Health is required, coverage will not be
effective until Prudential approves. See the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for details.
Additional benefits
Benefits also are payable under the following circumstances:
• If a dependent child is born alive and dies within 60 days
of birth and was eligible but not enrolled in optional
dependent life insurance prior to the loss—with a live birth
certificate and a death certificate—Prudential will pay a
$5,000 benefit only.
• If a dependent child is stillborn, Prudential will pay a
$5,000 benefit to associates who have met the eligibility
waiting period for dependent life insurance. See the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for
details. A stillborn child is defined as an eligible associate’s
natural‑born child whose death occurs before expulsion,
extraction, or delivery and whose fetal weight is 350 grams
or more; or, if fetal weight is unknown, whose duration
in utero was 20 or more complete weeks of gestation. If
both the mother and father of the stillborn child work at
Walmart, each associate is eligible to submit a claim for this
benefit separately, for a total of $10,000.
Optional dependent life insurance
225
Filing a claim
The following information must be provided to Prudential
regarding the deceased dependent:
• Name
• Social Security number
• Date of death, and
• Cause of death (if known).
An original or certified copy of the death certificate is
required as proof of death. Mail the death certificate to:
The Prudential Insurance Company of America
Group Life Claim Division
P.O. Box 8517
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19176
The claim will not be finalized until Prudential receives the
death certificate. Acceptance of the death certificate is not
a guarantee of payment.
Claims are determined under the time frames and
requirements set out in the Claims and appeals chapter.
You have the right to appeal a claim denial.
Benefits are paid according to the terms of the insurance
policy. For more details, contact Prudential at 877-740-2116.
When benefits are not paid
No benefits are paid to you if your spouse/partner dies as
a result of suicide while sane or insane during the first two
years of coverage. If you increase your spouse/partner’s
coverage and your spouse/partner dies as a result of suicide
within two years of the increase in coverage, you will receive
the prior coverage amount.
If you file a claim for your spouse/partner within the first
two years of your approval date, Prudential has the right
to reexamine your spouse/partner’s Proof of Good Health
questionnaire. If material facts about your spouse/partner
are found to have been stated inaccurately, the true
circumstances will be used to determine what amount of
coverage should have been in effect, if any, and:
• The claim may be denied, and
• Premiums paid may be refunded.
Except as otherwise provided, if your dependent dies before
the coverage effective date, no benefits will be paid.
Break in coverage
There may be occasions in which you must make special
arrangements to pay your optional dependent life insurance
premiums to avoid a break in coverage. These situations
occur most commonly if you are on a leave of absence or
if your Walmart paycheck is not sufficient to pay your full
share of the cost of coverage (such as after a reduction in
hours). Failure to make your premium payments by the due
date may result in an interruption in the payment of any
benefit claims and/or a break in coverage.
For details on the impact a break in coverage may have,
and on how to make personal payments to continue your
coverage, see Keeping your premiums current in the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
IF YOU GO ON A LEAVE OF ABSENCE
You may continue your coverage up to the last day of an
approved leave of absence, provided that you pay your
premiums before or during the leave. For information about
making payments while on a leave of absence, see Keeping
your premiums current in the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter.
When coverage ends
Your optional dependent life insurance coverage ends:
• On the date you voluntarily drop coverage (as
described below)
• At termination of your employment
• On the last day of coverage for which premiums were paid,
if you fail to pay your premiums within 30 days of the date
your premium is due
• On the date of your death
• On the date that you or a dependent spouse/partner or
child loses eligibility (see the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter). However, if your spouse/partner
becomes ineligible because your job status changes
to part‑time hourly associate, temporary associate, or
part‑time truck driver, coverage for your spouse/partner
will end on the last day of the pay period when your job
status changes
• On the last day of an approved leave of absence (unless
you return to work), or
• When the benefit is no longer offered by the company.
If you voluntarily drop coverage after an election change
event or at Annual Enrollment, coverage ends as follows:
• After an election change event: coverage ends on the
effective date of the event. See Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for information.
• At Annual Enrollment: coverage ends on December 31 of
the current year.
Optional dependent life insurance
226
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Continuing spouse/partner
coverage after you leave Walmart
or lose coverage
If you are a full-time or management associate and
carry optional dependent life insurance for your spouse
or partner, you have two options to continue your
spouse/partner coverage after your group life coverage
ends. The first option, called portability, allows you and
your spouse or partner to continue all or a portion of
your current coverage through a group term policy with
Prudential. The second option, called conversion, allows
you to convert all or a portion of your spouse/partner
coverage to a Prudential individual policy. These options
are not available to part-time hourly associates, temporary
associates, or part-time truck drivers.
You must apply for portability or conversion within 31 days of
the date your spouse/partner coverage ends. If your spouse
or partner dies within 31 days of a qualifying loss of coverage
and before electing portability or conversion of the life
insurance coverage, Prudential will pay a death benefit.
The benefit will be the amount of coverage your spouse or
partner could have converted, even if your dependent did
not apply for portability or conversion of coverage.
Portability enables you to maintain similar term life
insurance for your spouse or partner with Prudential after
your associate coverage ends or your spouse or partner
loses eligibility due to divorce or separation, if certain
conditions are met.
Proof of Good Health is not required to “port” your
spouse/partner coverage. You can, however, receive
preferred rates for spouse/partner coverage similar
to the rates you paid while an active associate if your
spouse/partner submits and passes Proof of Good Health.
If you do not pass or submit Proof of Good Health for your
spouse/partner, your rates will be based on Prudential’s
standard portability rates.
You can apply for term life coverage under the portability
feature if you meet all of these conditions:
• The optional dependent life coverage ends because your
optional associate life coverage ends for any reason
other than:
– your failure to pay premiums while an active associate
– the end of your employment on account of your
retirement due to disability, or
– the end of the optional associate life coverage for all
associates when such coverage is replaced by group life
insurance from any carrier for which you are or become
eligible within the next 31 days.
• You apply and become covered for term life coverage
under the portability plan.
• With respect to a dependent spouse or partner, that
person is less than age 80.
• The dependent is covered for optional dependent
life coverage on the day your optional associate life
coverage ends.
• The dependent is not confined for medical care or
treatment, at home or elsewhere, on the day your optional
associate life coverage ends.
Your spouse or partner may also apply for term life
coverage under the portability feature if they meet all of
these conditions:
• Your spouse or partner’s coverage ends due to divorce or
termination of partnership.
• Your spouse or partner is less than age 80.
• Your spouse or partner is not confined for medical care or
treatment, at home or elsewhere, on the day your optional
dependent life coverage ends.
If you meet these conditions, you will have 31 days
from your termination date to contact Prudential
and enroll. Prudential will notify you of the amount of
portability coverage offered. The amount of insurance
coverage offered will not be more than the amount of
spouse/partner coverage you elected under the plan.
However, if your spouse or partner provides Proof of
Good Health, and Prudential accepts such proof, you may
increase the amount of your spouse or partner’s coverage
by $20,000 (or, if less, by your annual earnings amount).
Conversion is a required Plan provision that allows you to
convert your life insurance coverage to an individual policy
if coverage would end for any reason other than failure
to pay premiums or the end of dependent coverage for
all associates. Proof of Good Health is not required. Rates
are based on your dependent’s age and amount converted.
You have 31 days from the termination date of coverage to
request to convert your coverage to an individual policy. If
your dependent’s death occurs during the 31-day conversion
period, the death benefit will be payable up to the amount
that could have been converted.
If you are a resident of Minnesota, you have a continuation
right instead of a conversion right when you lose coverage
due to a reduction in your hours or termination of
employment (other than for gross misconduct). You may
elect to continue coverage at your expense until you
obtain coverage under another group life insurance policy;
however, the maximum period that coverage may be
continued is 18 months. If you continue coverage, at the
expiration of the continuation period, you may convert your
life insurance coverage to an individual policy, up to the
amount of coverage in effect at that time. You have 31 days
from the date continuation coverage would end to request
to convert your coverage to an individual policy. In addition, 
Optional dependent life insurance
227
if you lose coverage for any reason other than a reduction
in your hours or termination of employment (other than for
gross misconduct), you may convert up to the amount of
coverage that was in force under the plan.
To request information on portability or conversion, call
Prudential at 877-740-2116
.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you are a part
-time or temporary associate who is subject
to the 60
-day, one
-time, and annual eligibility checks for
medical benefits, see the Part
‑time hourly and temporary
associates: eligibility checks for medical benefits section
in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter
for details regarding the impact to your benefits of
terminating employment with the company and then
returning to work.
If you are a full
-time hourly, management, or truck driver
associate, see the If you leave the company and are rehired
section in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
chapter for details regarding the impact to your benefits
of terminating employment with the company and then
returning to work.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
This information is intended to be a summary of your benefits and may not include all policy provisions. If
there is a discrepancy between this document and the policies issued by the applicable insurers under this
chapter regarding the calculation of benefits and limitations under the policies, the terms of the policies will
govern. You may obtain a copy of these policies by contacting the Plan.
Business travel
accident insurance
Business travel accident insurance 230
Naming a beneficiary 230
Filing a claim 230
When benefits are paid 231
Additional benefits 232
When benefits are not paid 232
When coverage ends 232
If you leave the company and are rehired 232
International business travel medical insurance 233
The information in this chapter describes business travel accident
insurance benefits that may be available to you if:
• You are an eligible associate, and
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Business travel accident insurance
229
Business travel accident insurance
When you’re traveling on authorized company business, this insurance protects you and your
loved ones financially if you have an accident resulting in certain types of injury or death.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Change your beneficiary designation Go to One.Walmart.com Beneficiary changes cannot be made
over the phone
Get more details Call Prudential at 877-740-2116
File a business travel accident insurance claim Call Prudential at 877-740-2116
Get more details about international business
travel medical insurance through GeoBlue
Go to geo-blue.com Call GeoBlue at 888-412-6403
Outside the U.S. call 610-254-5830
What you need to know about business travel accident insurance
• Walmart provides all associates with business travel accident insurance. There is no cost to you and no enrollment
is necessary.
• Business travel accident insurance pays a benefit for loss of life, limb, sight, speech and hearing, or paralysis, due to an
accident you are involved in while traveling on authorized company business.
• Your coverage amount for accidents while traveling is three times your base annual earnings to a maximum of $1 million.
• This company-paid insurance is provided through The Prudential Insurance Company of America (Prudential).
• International business travel medical insurance is available for eligible business travelers through GeoBlue.
Business travel accident insurance
230
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Business travel accident insurance
To protect you while you travel on company business,
Walmart provides all associates with business travel accident
insurance. There is no cost to you and no enrollment is
necessary. If you experience a covered injury resulting
in loss or death while traveling on authorized company
business, a lump-sum benefit is payable to you or your
beneficiary(ies) of up to three times your base annual
earnings, with a maximum of $1 million and minimum of
$200,000 (unless otherwise specified).
Base annual earnings is defined as follows:
• For hourly associates: Annualized hourly rate as shown in
the Walmart payroll system as of date of loss or death.
• For management associates and officers: Base salary as
shown in the Walmart payroll system as of date of loss
or death.
• For truck drivers: Annualized average day’s pay as of date
of loss or death, as determined by Logistics Finance.
Note that any bonus you may receive is not included in base
annual earnings.
Naming a beneficiary
To ensure that your business travel accident insurance
benefit is paid according to your wishes, you must
name a beneficiary(ies). You may do this by going to
One.Walmart.com. No paper forms accepted. You (the
associate) or your beneficiary will receive any benefits
payable for the injuries listed in When benefits are paid later
in this chapter.
You can name anyone you wish. If the beneficiary(ies) you
list with Walmart differs from the beneficiary(ies) named
in your will, the list that Walmart has prevails. If you have
not designated a beneficiary(ies) under the business travel
accident benefit, payment will be made to your surviving
family members as described under If you do not name a
beneficiary later in this chapter.
The following information is needed for each beneficiary:
• Name
• Current address and phone number
• Relationship to you
• Social Security number
• Date of birth, and
• The percentage you wish to designate per beneficiary,
up to 100%.
If two or more beneficiaries are designated and their
shares are not specified, they will share the insurance
benefit equally. If a named beneficiary dies before you, that
beneficiary’s interest will end, and it will be shared equally
by any remaining beneficiary(ies), unless your beneficiary
form states otherwise. If you and a beneficiary die in the
same event and it cannot be determined who died first,
the beneficiary will be treated as having died before you.
You can name a minor as a beneficiary; however, Prudential
may not be legally permitted to pay the minor until the minor
reaches legal age. You may want to consult an attorney or an
estate planner before naming a minor as a beneficiary. If you
name a minor as a beneficiary, funeral expenses cannot be
paid from the minor’s beneficiary proceeds.
CHANGING YOUR BENEFICIARY
You can change your beneficiary(ies) at any time on
One.Walmart.com. No paper forms are accepted.
IF YOU DO NOT NAME A BENEFICIARY
If no beneficiary is named or there is no surviving
beneficiary at the time of your death, payment will be made
to your surviving family members in the following order:
1. Spouse or partner of the deceased; if not surviving, then
2. Children in equal shares; if not surviving, then
3. Parents in equal shares; if not surviving, then
4. Siblings in equal shares; if not surviving, then
5. Your estate.
Be sure to keep your beneficiary information
up to date. Proceeds will go to whoever is
listed on your beneficiary form with Walmart,
regardless of your current relationship with
that person, unless state law says otherwise.
You can change your beneficiary(ies) at any
time on One.Walmart.com. No paper forms
are accepted.
Filing a claim
Within 12 months of the covered associate’s injury or death
or within 90 days after any periodic payment is due (such
as periodic payments for coma), the following information
must be provided regarding the associate:
• Name
• Social Security number
• Occurrence, character, and extent of the injury
• Date of injury or death, and
• Cause of injury or death (if known).
Business travel accident insurance
231
An original or certified copy of the death certificate is
required as proof of death. The death certificate should be
mailed to:
The Prudential Insurance Company of America
Group Life Claim Division
P.O. Box 8517
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19176
The claim will not be finalized until Prudential receives the
death certificate, where applicable. Acceptance of the
death certificate is not a guarantee of payment.
Benefits can be paid in a lump sum or, upon written request,
in monthly installments. Only one benefit, the highest, will
be paid if you suffer more than one loss resulting from a
single accident.
Claims are determined under the time frames and
requirements set out in the Claims and appeals chapter.
Your beneficiary(ies) has the right to appeal a claim denial.
Benefits are paid according to the terms of the insurance
policy. For details, contact Prudential at 877-740-2116.
When benefits are paid
Benefits are paid if you sustain an accidental injury while
traveling on authorized company business or due to a
felonious assault while you are working; your injuries
are the direct and sole cause of a covered loss; and you
properly provide proof of the accidental loss and covered
loss to Prudential.
Traveling for business includes travel using a common
carrier or any means of transportation owned and operated
by the company. An accidental injury includes exposure to
the elements. “Direct and sole cause” means the covered
loss occurs within 12 months of the date of the accidental
injury and is a direct result of the accidental injury,
independent of other causes.
BENEFIT AMOUNT
COVERED INJURY OCCURS… BENEFIT AMOUNT
While traveling on authorized
company business
Three times your
base annual earnings
to a maximum of
$1,000,000
Minimum benefit:
$200,000
Due to a felonious assault while
you are working
Up to $10,000
COVERED LOSSES PAID AT FULL BENEFIT
• Quadriplegia: Total paralysis of both upper and lower limbs.
• Paraplegia: Total paralysis of both lower limbs.
• Hemiplegia: Total paralysis of upper and lower limbs on one
side of the body.
• Loss of both hands, both feet, or sight in both eyes:
Severance through or above both wrists or both ankle
joints, or total and irrecoverable loss of sight.
• Loss of one hand and one foot: Severance through or
above the wrist or ankle joint.
• Loss of speech and hearing in both ears: Total loss of
speech and hearing that lasts for at least six consecutive
months following the accident.
• Loss of hand or foot and sight in one eye: Severance
through or above the wrist or ankle joint, with total and
irrecoverable loss of sight in one eye.
50% OF FULL BENEFIT
• Loss of hand or foot: Permanent severance through
or above the wrist but below the elbow, or permanent
severance at or above the ankle but below the knee.
• Brain damage: Brain damage means permanent and
irreversible physical damage to the brain, causing the
complete inability to perform all of the substantial
and material functions and activities of everyday life.
Such damage must manifest itself within 30 days of the
accidental injury, require hospitalization of at least five
days, and persist for 12 consecutive months.
• Loss of sight in one eye: Total and permanent loss of sight
in one eye.
• Loss of speech or hearing in both ears: Total loss of speech
or hearing that lasts for at least six consecutive months
following the accident.
25% OF FULL BENEFIT
• Loss of thumb and index finger of the same hand:
Severance of each through or above the joint closest to
the wrist.
• Uniplegia: Total paralysis of one limb.
“Paralysis” means loss of use, without severance, of a limb.
A doctor must determine that the loss is complete and not
reversible. (“Severance” means complete separation and
dismemberment of the limb from the body.)
COMA BENEFIT
If you are comatose or become comatose within 365 days
as the result of a covered accident, a monthly coma benefit
equal to the greater of 2% of your full benefit amount or
$100 is paid for up to 50 months. The benefit is payable
after 31 consecutive days of being comatose. 
Business travel accident insurance
232
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
“Coma” means a profound state of unconsciousness from
which the comatose person cannot be aroused, even by
powerful stimulation, as determined by the person’s doctor.
Such state must begin within 365 days of the accidental
injury and continue for 31 consecutive days and is total,
continuous, and permanent at the end of the 31-day period.
The maximum amount the business travel accident
insurance will pay you for all covered losses resulting
from a covered accident is the full benefit amount. If
more than one associate suffers a loss as a result of
the same accident, the maximum the business travel
accident insurance policy will pay for all losses is $10
million per accident and, if necessary, benefits will be
prorated among the affected associates suffering a loss
in the accident. The maximum total payment is increased
to $20 million if the covered accident occurs while you
are traveling to or from, or while you are attending,
Walmart’s Annual Shareholders Meeting, annual holiday
meeting, or annual year beginning meeting.
Additional benefits
Business travel accident insurance provides these
additional benefits:
• Seat belt benefit: If you suffer a loss of life as a result of a
covered accident that occurs while wearing a seat belt, an
additional benefit of up to $10,000 may be payable.
• Airbag benefit: If you suffer a loss of life as a result of a
covered accident that occurs while you are wearing a seat
belt and a properly functioning airbag deploys in the seat
you were occupying, an additional benefit of up to $10,000
may be payable.
• Funeral expenses benefit: If you suffer a loss of life within
365 days of and as a result of a covered accident, an
additional benefit of up to $5,000 may be payable.
• Medical evacuation benefit: If, as a result of a covered
accident, you require medical evacuation and are at least
100 miles from your home, an additional benefit of up to
$15,000 may be payable.
• Family relocation and accompaniment: If your spouse or
partner or dependent child suffers a covered loss while
traveling with you on business (or while on their way to
meet you), an additional benefit of up to $100,000 may be
payable for losses sustained by your spouse or partner, and
$10,000 for losses sustained by each dependent child.
All of these additional benefits are subject to additional
eligibility criteria established by Prudential. Please
contact Prudential if any of these benefits might apply for
additional information.
When benefits are not paid
Business travel accident insurance benefits will not be paid
for for any loss that results from any of the following:
• Suicide or attempted suicide, while sane or insane
• Intentionally self-inflicted injuries, or any attempt to inflict
such injuries
• Sickness, whether the loss results directly or indirectly
from the sickness
• Medical or surgical treatment of sickness, whether the loss
results directly or indirectly from the treatment
• Any bacterial or viral infection, except a pyogenic
infection resulting from an accidental cut or wound or a
bacterial infection resulting from accidental ingestion of a
contaminated substance
• War or act of war (declared or undeclared), including
resistance to armed aggression or an accident while on
full-time active duty with the armed services for more than
30 days (this does not include Reserve or National Guard
active duty for training)
• Riding in an unlicensed aircraft
• Flying as a crew member of an airplane, except one owned
and operated by the company
• Commission or attempted commission of an assault
or felony
• Operating a land, water, or air vehicle while being legally
intoxicated, or
• Being under the influence of or taking any controlled
substance as defined in Title II of the Comprehensive
Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970, and all
amendments, unless prescribed by and administered in
accordance with the advice of the insured’s doctor.
When coverage ends
Your business travel accident insurance coverage ends on
your last day of employment.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
Any coverage that was in effect (or the most similar
coverage offered under the Plan) on your termination date
will be reinstated when you return to work.
Business travel accident insurance
233
International business travel
medical insurance
International business travel medical insurance is available
through a policy with GeoBlue for associates who travel
internationally for business.
GeoBlue provides travel assistance services to you and
your eligible dependents if you require emergency medical
treatment while traveling on company‑authorized business.
Walmart pays for this coverage in full—there is no cost to
you and no enrollment is necessary. Coverage is valid for
a trip lasting up to 180 days. Coverage is not available for
personal travel even when you add personal travel to a
business trip.
You are not eligible to make health savings account
contributions for any month in which you are traveling
on Walmart business outside the U.S. and are covered
under the GeoBlue policy. If you have medical coverage
under the Saver Plan, you are encouraged to consult
with your tax advisor if you have questions about the
amount to reduce your HSA contributions based on your
individual circumstances.
GEOBLUE SERVICES
Business travel medical insurance through GeoBlue provides
coverage for emergency medical treatment, including
hospitalization, doctor visits, and prescription drug
coverage (not including over-the-counter medication).
GeoBlue has a network of doctors, physicians, and
medical facilities in over 180 countries and can also make
appointments on your behalf and arrange for direct billing.
Associates are advised to contact GeoBlue Customer
Service at 888-412-6403 before obtaining medical
treatment to ensure that the treatment is covered.
GeoBlue provides the following services:
• Reimbursement for eligible medical expenses
• Assistance in location of physician, medical facilities, and
making medical appointments
• Direct billing and payment guarantees
• Coordination for emergency medical evacuation to the
nearest appropriate medical facility for the associate and
an accompanying family member(s), and
• Repatriation of remains.
If you incur eligible medical expenses, submit them to
GeoBlue for reimbursement. They should not be charged to
the corporate credit card or submitted for reimbursement
through the travel and expense system.
Associates are advised to register on geo-blue.com
before their business travel, using group access code
QHG99999WALM. By registering, you gain access to
services and benefits including:
• Ability to print out your insurance ID card in case yours
is lost
• Doctor/facility locator
• Symptom checker
• Translate medical terms and medications, and
• Information about health and security risks.
Downloading the GeoBlue app: Once you’ve registered,
download the GeoBlue app and log in with the email address
and password you create when you register on the website.
The app provides you with convenient access to your ID
card and GeoBlue’s self-service tools, including mapping
to your nearest approved medical facility/provider, making
appointments, etc.
GeoBlue member ID cards: Cards carry the Blue Cross Blue
Shield logo and are available in your travel department.
Additional or replacement cards can be downloaded via
geo-blue.com.
Claims: Claim forms are generally not required for GeoBlue
services. However, if you have a question about your
benefits or disagree with the benefits provided, you may
contact GeoBlue or file a claim. To submit a claim via email
or fax, download a claim form and view detailed instructions
in the Member Hub at geo-blue.com. Submit your claim by
email to claims@geo-blue.com or by fax to 610-482-9623.
You may also submit claims by post. Download a claim form
from the Member Hub at geo-blue.com and send your
completed form to:
GeoBlue
Claims Department
P.O. Box 1748
Southeastern, Pennsylvania 19399-1748
Claims and appeals are determined under the time frames
and requirements set out in the GeoBlue policy. Contact
GeoBlue at any time by calling 888-412-6403. Outside the
U.S. call collect: 610-254-5830.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
This information is intended to be a summary of your benefits and may not include all policy provisions.
If there is a discrepancy between this document and the policy issued by Allstate Benefits regarding the
calculation of benefits and limitations under the policy, the terms of the policy will govern. You may obtain a
copy of this policy by contacting the Plan. Allstate Benefits is the marketing name used by American Heritage
Life Insurance Company, the underwriting company and subsidiary of The Allstate Corporation.
Accident insurance
Accident insurance 236
Accident insurance benefits 236
Naming a beneficiary 239
Filing a claim 239
When benefits are not paid 240
Break in coverage 240
When coverage ends 240
If you leave the company and are rehired 241
The information in this chapter describes accident benefits that
may be available to you if:
• You are an hourly, temporary, part-time truck driver, or salaried (management) associate
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements, and
• You have enrolled in a timely manner.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Accident insurance
235
Accident insurance
This insurance helps you if you’re in an accident away from work. If the accident is covered, this
can help you pay for things like immediate care treatment, hospitalization, physical therapy,
transportation, and lodging. Benefits are paid directly to you unless you want to have them paid to
the provider.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Get detailed information Go to One.Walmart.com or
AllstateBenefits.com/Walmart
Call Allstate Benefits at 800-514-9525
What you need to know about accident insurance
• You may purchase accident insurance to assist you and your family in the event you or your covered dependent has
a covered accident that requires medical care.
• Accident insurance pays a set benefit in a lump sum based on the nature of the accident and the care required.
• Proof of Good Health is not required for any level of coverage.
• Coverage is provided through Allstate Benefits. The Certificate of Insurance available at One.Walmart.com or
AllstateBenefits.com/Walmart provides detailed information about accident insurance, in addition to the highlights
available in this chapter.
Accident insurance
236
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Accident insurance
Accident insurance provides benefits to you if you or any
covered dependent receives covered treatment related to
an off‑the‑job accident. The benefits under this policy are
not reduced by any other benefits you may receive.
CHOOSING A COVERAGE TIER
When you enroll for accident insurance, you also select
the eligible family members you wish to cover:
• Associate only
• Associate + spouse/partner (except for part-time
hourly associates, temporary associates, and part-time
truck drivers)
• Associate + child(ren), or
• Associate + family (except for part-time hourly associates,
temporary associates, and part-time truck drivers).
If you have associate‑only or associate + spouse/partner
coverage and you (or your spouse/partner) give birth to a
child, your newborn child will be automatically covered for
60 days after birth. You must change your tier to associate
+ child(ren) or associate + family if you wish to continue
covering your child after 60 days. See the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for information on
when and how you may change your election.
The cost for coverage is based on the eligible dependents
you choose to cover.
Any injury incurred while you are an active member of the
military, naval, or air forces of any country or combination
of countries is not covered. Upon notice and proof of
service in such forces, Allstate will return the pro-rata
portion of the premium paid for any period of such service.
Accident insurance benefits
Accident insurance pays a benefit if you or a covered
dependent sustains an injury caused by an off-the-job
accident, which results in any of the losses listed in the
chart on the following page.
Injuries must be diagnosed by a physician. An accident
generally is a covered accident if it occurs while you or
your covered dependent is not working at any job for
pay or benefits and is the result of a sudden, unforeseen,
and unexpected event that occurs without the covered
individual’s consent and results in injury to you or your covered
dependent. Certain accidents are not covered. See When
benefits are not paid later in this chapter for more information.
Benefits are payable subject to terms of the Certificate
of Insurance available at One.Walmart.com or
AllstateBenefits.com/Walmart. You can also call Allstate
Benefits at 800-514-9525 for a copy and it will be provided
at no cost to you. Coverage must be effective before the
occurrence of an accident for the accident to be covered.
No benefit is payable for any accident that occurs before
your effective date of coverage. If you should die before
your effective date, no accident insurance benefit will be
paid to your beneficiary(ies).
Accident insurance pays benefits described in the following
chart for injuries resulting from a covered accident and
related services, subject to the terms of the Certificate
of Insurance.
Accident insurance
237
SERVICE/INJURY BENEFIT AMOUNT LIMITATIONS
Ambulance $400 for ground ambulance or $4,000 for
air ambulance if covered individual requires
ambulance transportation to a hospital or
emergency center as a result of a covered accident
Transportation must occur within 72 hours of
covered accident.
Appliance to aid
personal locomotion or
mobility
$200 if covered individual, as a result of a covered
accident and on the advice of a physician, requires
use of a medical appliance
Covered medical appliances are: crutches,
wheelchair, leg brace, back brace, walker, and CAM
boot walker. Payable once per covered individual,
per covered accident.
Blood, plasma, and/or
platelets
$100 if a covered individual, as a result of a covered
accident, requires blood, plasma, and/or platelets
Not payable for immunoglobulins. Payable once
per covered individual, per covered accident.
Burns $100–$10,000 depending on degree of burn and
size of affected area, when a covered individual
sustains a burn as a result of a covered accident.
If proof of loss does not specify size of burn, the
lowest benefit amount will be paid. Treatment by a
physician must occur within 72 hours of the covered
accident. Injuries due to sunburn are not covered.
Coma $10,000 if a covered individual is in a coma as a
result of a covered accident
Coma must persist at least seven consecutive days
and require intubation for respiratory assistance.
Medically induced comas are excluded.
Concussions (brain) $50 if a covered individual sustains a concussion as
a result of a covered accident
Dislocation $188–$3,750, depending on joint dislocated, when
a covered individual sustains a dislocation as a
result of a covered accident
Payable for only the first dislocation of a joint.
The benefit amount is reduced if a covered
dislocation is reduced by a physician. Payable for up
to two covered dislocations per covered individual,
per accident.
Emergency dental
services
$50 for broken teeth resulting in extractions and
$150 for broken teeth repaired with crowns
Payable once per covered individual, per covered
accident.
Eye injury $250 for surgical repair; $50 for removal of
foreign body
For services performed by a physician.
Family lodging for
confinement at a
non‑local hospital
$100 per night for one hotel/motel room for an
immediate family member of covered individual
Payable for up to 30 days per covered accident,
and only during the days the covered individual is
confined to the non‑local hospital.
Follow‑up treatment
(not covered under
physical therapy)
$50 per follow‑up visit for required follow‑up
treatment after receiving emergency treatment
for which a benefit is paid under immediate
care benefit
Follow‑up treatment must be administered by a
physician in a physician’s office or in a hospital and
must begin within 30 days of the initial covered
treatment. Payable for one follow-up treatment
per day for a maximum of six treatments per
covered individual, per covered accident. Not
payable for treatments for which the physical
therapy benefit is paid.
Fractures $375–$3,750, depending on location of fracture
when fracture is corrected by open or closed
repair; 25% for chip fractures or other fractures
not corrected by open or closed repair
Payable for no more than two fractures per
covered individual, per covered accident.
Hospital confinement Daily benefit of $300 for a continuous hospital
confinement of at least 18 hours, up to 365 days
per covered accident
Hospitalization must begin within 30 days of
covered accident. Not payable on same day
rehabilitation benefit is paid. Paid in addition to
the initial hospitalization benefit.
Immediate care
(physician fees, X‑rays,
and emergency
department)
$170 for a covered person’s required medical
treatment as a result of a covered accident
Payable for physician fees, X-rays, and emergency
room services. Treatment must be received within
30 days of covered accident. Payable only once
for any and all treatment occurring within 24‑hour
period, per covered individual, per covered accident.
(Continued on the next page)
Accident insurance
238
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
SERVICE/INJURY BENEFIT AMOUNT LIMITATIONS
Initial hospitalization $1,500 payable the first time a covered individual
is hospitalized for at least 24 hours; $2,250 if
admitted directly to a hospital intensive care unit
Hospitalization must begin within 30 days of
the covered accident. Payable only once per
continuous hospitalization per calendar year, per
covered individual.
Intensive care unit (ICU)
confinement
$900 per day, up to 15 days for any one accident Confinement must begin within 30 days of
covered accident. Paid in addition to initial
hospitalization benefit.
Lacerations $25–$400, depending on the size of the
laceration
Treatment must occur within 72 hours of the
covered accident. If proof of loss does not specify
size of laceration, the lowest benefit amount will
be paid.
Major diagnostic exams $400 for one of the following: CT scan, MRI,
or EEG
Must be performed in a hospital, physician’s office,
or ambulatory surgical center. One payment per
covered individual, per calendar year.
Physical therapy (not
covered by follow‑up
treatment)
$50 per day for physical therapy received as a
result of a covered accident
Therapy must be prescribed by a physician and
begin within 30 days of covered accident or
discharge from hospital and be received within six
months of covered accident or discharge. Payable
for one treatment per day, up to 10 treatments
per covered accident, per covered individual. Not
payable for treatments for which the follow-up
treatment benefit is paid.
Post‑traumatic stress
disorder
$100 per day for PTSD counseling Payable only once per day, per covered individual,
up to six days per calendar year.
Prosthesis $1,000 for a prosthetic device required as a result
of a covered accident
Not payable for hearing aids, wigs, or dental aids
(including false teeth). Payable once per covered
individual, per covered accident.
Rehabilitation unit
confinement (after
hospitalization)
$100 per day if covered individual is confined to
rehabilitation unit as a result of a covered accident
Must have been confined to a hospital immediately
prior to being transferred to the rehabilitation
unit. Payable for each day a room charge is
incurred, up to 30 days per covered individual,
per continuous period of confinement; maximum
of 60 days. Not payable for days in which hospital
confinement benefit is paid.
Skin grafts 50% of benefit amount under the burns benefit
if a covered individual receives one or more skin
grafts for a covered burn.
Paid in addition to the burns benefit.
Step‑down ICU
confinement
$200 per day for confinement of at least 18 hours Payable per covered person, per covered accident,
in addition to any hospital confinement benefit.
Payable for up to 15 days per covered individual,
per covered accident.
Surgical procedures $350–$1,400, depending on surgical procedure Two or more surgical procedures performed
through the same incision or entry point are
considered one operation. Must be performed
within one year of covered accident. Requires
general anesthesia and must not be covered by any
other specific surgery benefit listed. Payable once
per 24 hours even though more than one surgery
or procedure may be performed.
Transportation
for treatment at a
non‑local hospital
$400 per round trip for treatment at a non‑local
hospital as a result of a covered accident; additional
$400 per round trip for one parent or legal
guardian if dependent child is receiving treatment
Physician must prescribe the treatment.
Payable for up to three round trips per calendar
year per covered individual. Not payable for
ambulance transportation.
Accident insurance
239
Naming a beneficiary
If you die while covered under accident insurance, your
beneficiary(ies) will receive any benefits due at the time
of your death. You must name a beneficiary(ies) to receive
your accident insurance benefit if you die. You may do this
by going to One.Walmart.com. All changes must be made at
One.Walmart.com. Paper forms are not accepted.
You can name anyone you wish. If the beneficiary(ies) you
list with Walmart differs from the beneficiary(ies) named in
your will, the list that Walmart has prevails.
The following information is needed for each beneficiary:
• Name
• Current address and phone number
• Relationship to you
• Social Security number
• Date of birth, and
• The percentage you wish to designate per beneficiary,
up to 100%.
If two or more beneficiaries are designated and their
shares are not specified, they will share the insurance
benefit equally. If a named beneficiary dies before you, that
beneficiary’s interest will end, and will be shared equally by
any remaining beneficiaries unless your beneficiary form
states otherwise.
You can name a minor as a beneficiary; however, Allstate
Benefits may not be legally permitted to pay the minor
until the minor reaches legal age. You may want to consult
an attorney or an estate planner before naming a minor as
a beneficiary.
You (the associate) are automatically assigned as the
primary beneficiary of your covered dependent’s accident
coverage. If you and your dependent die at the same time,
benefits will be paid as if you had not named a beneficiary.
See If you do not name a beneficiary below.
CHANGING YOUR BENEFICIARY
You can change your beneficiary(ies) at any time
on One.Walmart.com. All changes must be made at
One.Walmart.com. Paper forms are not accepted.
IF YOU DO NOT NAME A BENEFICIARY
If no beneficiary is named or the beneficiary you named
does not survive you, payment of any benefits due at your
death will be paid in the following order:
• Your spouse/partner; if not surviving, then
• Your children, in equal shares; if not surviving, then
• Your parents, in equal shares; if not surviving, then
• Your siblings, in equal shares; if not surviving, then
• Your estate.
Be sure to keep your beneficiary information
up to date. Proceeds go to whoever is
listed on your beneficiary form with the
company, regardless of your current
relationship with that person, unless state
law says otherwise. All beneficiary changes
must be completed on One.Walmart.com.
Paper forms are not accepted.
Filing a claim
Within 60 days of the occurrence or commencement of any
covered accident, or as soon as reasonably possible, send a
notice of claim to:
Allstate Benefits
Attn. Walmart Claims Unit
P.O. Box 41488
Jacksonville, Florida 32203-1488
You may also provide notice of claim as follows:
Online: AllstateBenefits.com/mybenefits
By phone: 800-514-9525
By fax: 877-423-8804
Provide the following information for the covered person:
• Name
• Social Security number, and
• Date the covered accident occurred.
You may request a claim form from Allstate Benefits or
visit One.Walmart.com or AllstateBenefits.com/Walmart
to obtain a copy. If you do not receive a claim form within
15 days of your request, you may send a notice of the claim
to Allstate Benefits by providing Allstate Benefits with a
statement of the nature and extent of the loss.
You will be required to provide written proof of your claim
to Allstate. Generally, you should provide written proof
related to your claim within 90 days of the service or loss,
or as soon as reasonably possible after the loss if it is not
possible to provide it within 90 days. In any event, you
generally must provide any required proof of the claim to
Allstate within 15 months, or your claim will be denied.
Claims are determined under the time frames and
requirements set out in the Claims and appeals chapter. You
or your beneficiary has the right to appeal a claim denial.
See the Claims and appeals chapter for details.
Accident insurance
240
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
When benefits are not paid
No benefit will be paid for an accident that occurs as a
result of:
• An injury that occurs as the result of an on-the-job accident
• An injury that occurs prior to the coverage effective date
• Any act of war, whether or not declared, or participation in
a riot, insurrection, or rebellion
• Suicide, or any attempt at suicide, whether sane or insane
• Any injury sustained while under the influence of alcohol
or any narcotic, unless administered upon the advice of
a physician
• Dental or plastic surgery for cosmetic purposes, except
when such surgery is required to treat an injury or correct
a disorder of normal bodily function that was caused by
an injury
• Committing or attempting to commit an assault or felony, or
• Any injury incurred while a covered individual is an active
member of the military, naval, or air forces of any country
or combination of countries.
Break in coverage
There may be occasions in which you must make special
arrangements to pay your accident insurance premiums
to avoid a break in coverage. These situations occur most
commonly if you are on a leave of absence or if your
Walmart paycheck is not sufficient to pay your full share of
the cost of coverage (such as after a reduction in hours).
Failure to make your premium payments by the due date
may result in an interruption in the payment of any benefit
claims and/or a break in coverage.
For details on the impact a break in coverage may have,
and on how to make personal payments to continue your
coverage, see Keeping your premiums current in the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
IF YOU GO ON A LEAVE OF ABSENCE
You may continue your coverage up to the last day of an
approved leave of absence, provided that you pay your
premiums before or during the leave. For information about
making payments while on a leave of absence, see Keeping
your premiums current in the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter.
When coverage ends
Your accident insurance coverage ends on the earliest of
the following:
• On the date you voluntarily drop coverage (as described
below)
• On the date you terminate employment
• On the last day through which required premiums were
paid, if you fail to pay your premiums within 30 days of the
date they were due
• On your date of death
• On the last day of an approved leave of absence (unless
you return to work), or
• When accident insurance is no longer offered by
the company.
Accident insurance coverage for your spouse/partner ends:
• On the date your accident insurance coverage ends
• On the last day of the pay period when your job status
changes to part‑time, temporary, or part‑time truck driver
• On the date you and your spouse are legally separated
• On the date you and your spouse are divorced or your
partnership terminates, or
• On your spouse/partner’s death.
Accident insurance coverage for your dependent child(ren)
ends on the earliest of the following:
• On the date your accident insurance coverage ends
• On the date your dependent child loses eligibility, or
• On your dependent child’s death.
If you voluntarily drop coverage after an election change
event or at Annual Enrollment, coverage ends as follows:
• After an election change event: coverage ends on the
effective date of the event. See Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for information.
• At Annual Enrollment: coverage ends on December 31 of
the current year.
Accident insurance
241
CONTINUATION OF COVERAGE
AT TERMINATION
If your coverage under accident insurance terminates as
described above (except due to nonpayment of premiums
or death), you and your covered dependents may continue
accident insurance coverage directly from Allstate Benefits
through portability coverage. The benefits, terms, and
conditions of the portability coverage will be the same as
those provided under the accident insurance available under
the Plan at the time of termination. To receive portability
coverage, you must notify Allstate Benefits that you wish
to continue coverage and send the first premium within
60 days of the date your coverage under critical illness
insurance terminates.
Portability coverage will be effective on the day after
coverage under the Plan terminates and will end on the
earliest of the following:
• The date you again are eligible for accident insurance
under the Plan.
• The last day through which required premiums were paid,
if you fail to pay your premiums within 30 days of the date
they were due.
• For your covered dependents, on the date your coverage
terminates or the date the dependent ceases to be an
eligible dependent.
Any eligible dependent covered under accident insurance
at the time such coverage terminates as a result of reaching
the maximum age for eligibility may also receive portability
coverage under the terms described above. Contact
Allstate Benefits at 800-514-9525 for information.
The premiums for portability coverage are due in advance
of each month’s coverage, on the first day of the calendar
month. The premiums are set at the same rate in effect
under critical illness insurance for active associates with the
same coverage.
For more information, please contact Allstate Benefits at
800-514-9525.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you are a part-time or temporary associate who is subject
to the 60-day, one-time, and annual eligibility checks for
medical benefits, see the Part‑time hourly and temporary
associates: eligibility checks for medical benefits section in
the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for
details regarding the impact to your benefits of terminating
employment with the company and then returning to work.
If you are a full-time hourly, management, or truck driver
associate, see the If you leave the company and are rehired
section in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
chapter for details regarding the impact to your benefits
of terminating employment with the company and then
returning to work.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
This information is intended to be a summary of your benefits and may not include all policy provisions. If
there is a discrepancy between this document and the policy issued by Prudential regarding the calculation
of benefits and limitations under the policy, the terms of the policy will govern. You may obtain a copy of
this policy by contacting the Plan.
Accidental death and
dismemberment
(AD&D) insurance
AD&D insurance 244
Naming a beneficiary 244
AD&D coverage amount 245
When AD&D benefits are paid 245
Additional AD&D benefits 246
Filing a claim 248
When benefits are not paid 248
Break in coverage 248
When coverage ends 248
If you leave the company and are rehired 249
The information in this chapter describes accidental death and
dismemberment benefits that may be available to you if:
• You are an hourly, temporary, part-time truck driver, or salaried (management) associate
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements, and
• You have enrolled in a timely manner.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Accidental death and dismemberment(AD&D) insurance
243
Accidental death and dismemberment
(AD&D) insurance
AD&D benefits can help pay the cost of medical care, childcare, and education expenses if you’re
seriously injured or die in an accident.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Change your beneficiary designation Go to One.Walmart.com Beneficiary changes cannot be made
over the phone
Get more details Call Prudential at 877-740-2116
File a claim Call Prudential at 877-740-2116
What you need to know about AD&D insurance
• Proof of Good Health is not required for AD&D insurance, regardless of the coverage amount you choose.
• If you have a covered loss, AD&D insurance pays a lump sum benefit based on the nature of the loss and the coverage amount
you select. Additional benefits may be payable depending on the circumstances of the covered loss.
• Coverage is provided through The Prudential Insurance Company of America (Prudential).
• The Certificate of Insurance is available at One.Walmart.com or at Prudential.com/Walmart. The certificate provides detailed
information about company-paid life insurance, in addition to the highlights available in this chapter.
Accidental death and dismemberment(AD&D) insurance
244
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
AD&D insurance
AD&D insurance pays a lump sum benefit to you or your
beneficiary(ies) if you or a covered dependent experiences
a covered loss. The amount of your benefit depends on the
type of loss you experience, as described later in this chapter.
You have two AD&D coverage decisions. You choose whom
you want to cover and your coverage amount.
You can choose to cover:
• Associate only
• Associate + dependents
If you are a part-time hourly associate, temporary associate,
or part-time truck driver and you choose associate +
dependents coverage, you can cover your dependent
children but not your spouse/partner.
The coverage amount for your dependents will be a
percentage of the coverage amount you choose for
yourself (see AD&D coverage amount later in this chapter).
The amounts available for you to choose as your associate
coverage amount are:
• $25,000 • $100,000
• $50,000 • $150,000
• $75,000 • $200,000
Management associates may also choose the following
additional coverage amounts:
• $300,000 • $750,000
• $500,000 • $1,000,000
The cost of AD&D insurance is based on the coverage
amount you select and whether you choose associate‑only
or associate + dependents coverage.
Naming a beneficiary
To ensure that your AD&D benefit is paid according to your
wishes, you must name a beneficiary(ies). You may do this
by going to One.Walmart.com. All changes must be made at
One.Walmart.com. Paper forms are not accepted.
You (the associate) will receive any benefits payable for your
covered dependents.
You can name anyone you wish. If the beneficiary(ies)
you list with Walmart differs from the beneficiary(ies)
named in your will, the list that Walmart has prevails. If
you have not designated a beneficiary(ies) under the
AD&D benefit, payment will be made to your surviving
family surviving family members as described under
If you do not name a beneficiary below.
The following information is needed for each beneficiary:
• Name
• Current address and phone number
• Relationship to you
• Social Security number
• Date of birth, and
• The percentage you wish to designate per beneficiary,
up to 100%.
If two or more beneficiaries are designated and their shares
are not specified, they will share the insurance benefit equally.
If a named beneficiary dies before you, that beneficiary’s
interest will end, and it will be shared equally by any remaining
beneficiary(ies), unless your beneficiary form states otherwise.
You can name a minor as a beneficiary; however, Prudential
may not be legally permitted to pay the minor until the minor
reaches legal age. You may want to consult an attorney or an
estate planner before naming a minor as a beneficiary. If you
name a minor as a beneficiary, funeral expenses cannot be
paid from the minor’s beneficiary proceeds.
CHANGING YOUR BENEFICIARY
You can change your beneficiary(ies) at any time
on One.Walmart.com. All changes must be made at
One.Walmart.com. Paper forms are not accepted.
IF YOU DO NOT NAME A BENEFICIARY
If no beneficiary is named or there is no surviving
beneficiary at the time of your death, payment will be
made to surviving family members in the following order:
1. Spouse or partner of the deceased; if not surviving, then
2. Children in equal shares; if not surviving, then
3. Parents in equal shares; if not surviving, then
4. Siblings in equal shares, if not surviving, then
5. Your estate.
Be sure to keep your beneficiary information
up to date. Proceeds go to whoever is listed
on your beneficiary form with Walmart,
regardless of your current relationship with
that person, unless state law says otherwise. 
Accidental death and dismemberment(AD&D) insurance
245
AD&D coverage amount
When you enroll in AD&D insurance, the coverage amount
you select is the amount that applies to you, the associate.
If you enroll in associate + dependent(s) coverage, the
coverage amount for your dependent(s) is a percentage of
your associate coverage amount. The coverage amount for
your dependent(s) depends on the type of dependents you
are covering. See the Full benefit amount chart below for
information on the coverage amount for your family members.
When AD&D benefits are paid
If you have chosen associate + dependent(s) coverage and
you or your dependent sustains an accidental injury that is
the direct and sole cause of a covered loss, AD&D benefits
are paid when proof of the accidental injury and covered
loss have been properly provided to Prudential.
Prudential deems a loss to be the direct result of an
accidental injury if it results from unavoidable exposure
to the elements.
“Direct and sole cause” means the covered loss occurs within
12 months of the date of the accidental injury and is a direct
result of the accidental injury, independent of other causes.
COVERED LOSSES PAID AT FULL BENEFIT
The following covered losses resulting from an accident are
payable at the full benefit:
• Loss of life: It will be presumed that you have suffered
a loss of life if your body is not found within one year of
disappearance, stranding, sinking, or wrecking of any
vehicle in which you were an occupant.
• Loss of both hands above the wrists; both feet above the
ankles; total and permanent loss of sight in both eyes; loss
of speech and hearing in both ears that lasts for at least six
consecutive months following the accident.
• Loss of one hand and one foot: Severance at or above the
wrist and ankle joints.
• Loss of one arm or one leg: Severance at or above the
elbow or above the knee.
• Loss of one hand or foot and sight in one eye: Severance at
or above the wrist or ankle joint, with total and permanent
loss of sight in one eye.
• Quadriplegia: Total paralysis of both upper and lower limbs.
• Paraplegia: Total paralysis of both lower limbs.
• Hemiplegia: Total paralysis of upper and lower limbs on one
side of the body.
FULL BENEFIT AMOUNT
Associate coverage
amount
If a spouse/partner is the
only dependent covered
If both a spouse/partner and children are
covered dependents
If children are the
only dependents
Associate — 100% Spouse/partner — 50% Spouse/partner — 40% Children — 10% Children — 25%
$25,000 $12,500 $10,000 $2,500 $6,250
$50,000 $25,000 $20,000 $5,000 $12,500
$75,000 $37,500 $30,000 $7,500 $18,750
$100,000 $50,000 $40,000 $10,000 $25,000
$150,000 $75,000 $60,000 $15,000 $37,500
$200,000 $100,000 $80,000 $20,000 $50,000
Management associates only:
$300,000 $150,000 $120,000 $30,000 $75,000
$500,000 $250,000 $200,000 $50,000 $125,000
$750,000 $375,000 $300,000 $75,000 $187,500
$1,000,000 $500,000 $400,000 $100,000 $250,000
Accidental death and dismemberment(AD&D) insurance
246
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
50% OF FULL BENEFIT
The following covered losses resulting from an accident are
payable at 50% of full benefit:
• Brain damage: Brain damage means permanent and
irreversible physical damage to the brain, causing the
complete inability to perform all the substantial and
material functions and activities normal to everyday life.
Such damage must manifest itself within 30 days of the
accidental injury, require a hospitalization of more than
five consecutive days within 30 days of the accident, and
continue for 12 consecutive months.
• Loss of hand or foot: Severance at or above the wrist
or ankle.
• Loss of sight in one eye: Total and permanent loss of sight
in one eye.
• Loss of speech or hearing in both ears: Total and
permanent loss of speech or hearing (i.e., continuing for at
least six consecutive months following the accident).
25% OF FULL BENEFIT
The following covered losses resulting from an accident are
payable at 25% of full benefit:
• Loss of hearing in one ear: Total and permanent loss of
hearing (i.e., continuing for at least six consecutive months
following the accident).
• Loss of thumb and index finger of the same hand:
Severance at or above the point at which they are attached
to the hand.
• Uniplegia: Total paralysis of one limb.
“Paralysis” means loss of use, without severance, of a limb.
A doctor must determine that the loss is complete and not
reversible. “Severance” means complete separation and
dismemberment of the limb from the body.
COMA BENEFIT
If you or a covered dependent is comatose or becomes
comatose within 365 days as the result of an accident, a
coma benefit equal to 1% of your full benefit amount is paid
for 11 consecutive months to you, your spouse/partner, your
children, or a legal guardian. The benefit is payable after 31
consecutive days of being comatose. If you or a covered
dependent remains comatose beyond 11 months, the full
sum of the coverage, less any AD&D benefit already paid,
is made to you or your designated beneficiary.
“Coma” means a profound state of unconsciousness from
which the comatose person cannot be aroused, even by
powerful stimulation, as determined by the person’s doctor.
Such state must begin within 365 days of the accidental
injury and continue for 31 consecutive days and is total,
continuous, and permanent at the end of the 31-day period.
The maximum amount that AD&D insurance will pay for all
covered losses of an individual resulting from a covered
accident is the full benefit amount.
Additional AD&D benefits
Additional benefits may be payable by the Plan:
• Seat belt benefit: If you and/or your covered dependents
suffer a loss of life as a result of a covered accident that
occurs while wearing a seat belt, an additional benefit may
be payable.
• Safe motorcycle rider benefit: If you and/or your covered
dependents suffer a loss of life as a result of a covered
accident that occurs while wearing a helmet, an additional
benefit may be payable.
• Tuition reimbursement benefit (full‑time hourly and
management associates only): If you (the associate) suffer
a loss of life, a spouse/partner education benefit may be
payable.
• Tuition reimbursement and childcare benefit: If you (the
associate) or your covered spouse/partner suffers a loss of
life, a childcare benefit and/or child education benefit may
be payable.
• Home alteration and vehicle modification benefit: If
you or your covered dependents suffer a covered loss
that requires home alteration or vehicle modification, an
additional benefit may be payable.
• COBRA monthly medical premium benefit: If you (the
associate) suffer a covered accidental bodily injury which
results in your death or a termination after a leave of
absence, an additional benefit may be payable to assist with
the continuation of medical benefits under the Associates’
Medical Plan.
• Monthly rehabilitation benefit: If you or your covered
dependents suffer a covered accidental bodily injury that
requires medically necessary rehabilitation, an additional
benefit may be payable.
• Common accident benefit: If you (the associate) or your
covered spouse/partner both suffer a loss of life due to the
same accident or accidents that occur within 48 hours of
each other, a common accident benefit may be payable.
All additional AD&D benefits are subject to eligibility
criteria established by Prudential. Contact Prudential for
information if any of these benefits might apply to you.
Accidental death and dismemberment(AD&D) insurance
247
ADDITIONAL BENEFITS
Benefit Benefit amount Limitations
Seat belt benefit $10,000 If it cannot be determined that the person was wearing a
seat belt at the time of the accident, a benefit of $1,000
will be paid.
Safe motorcycle
rider benefit
$10,000 If it cannot be determined that the person was wearing
the necessary safety equipment at the time of the
accident, a benefit of $1,000 will be paid.
Tuition
reimbursement
for spouse/partner
An amount equal to the least of:
• The actual tuition charged for the program;
• 10% of your (the associate’s) amount of
insurance; and
• $25,000
Payable for up to 4 years.
Must be enrolled in a professional or trade program
within 30 months after the date of your death.
Full-time hourly and management associates only.
Tuition
reimbursement
for child
An amount equal to the least of:
• The actual annual tuition, exclusive of room
and board, charged by the school;
• 10% of the amount of insurance on the
person incurring the loss; and
• $25,000
Payable annually for up to 4 consecutive years, but not
beyond the date the child reaches age 26.
Child must be enrolled as a full-time student on the
date of your death; or, if in the 12th grade on the date of
death, becomes a full-time student within 365 days after
the date of your death.
Childcare benefit An amount equal to the least of:
• The actual cost charged by a childcare
center per year;
• 10% of the amount of insurance on the
person incurring the loss; and
• $12,500
Payable annually for up to 5 consecutive years, but not
beyond the date the child reaches age 13.
Child must be enrolled on the date of your death or
within 90 days after the date of your death.
Home alteration
and vehicle
modification
benefit
An amount equal to the least of:
• The actual cost charged for the alteration or
modification;
• 10% of the amount of insurance on the
person incurring the loss; and
• $10,000
Payable for an amount no greater than $10,000.
Medical premium
benefit for
associate
(COBRA)
An amount equal to the least of:
• The amount of the medical premium;
• 5% of your (the associate’s) amount of
insurance; and
• $500
Payable monthly until the first of these occurs:
• Your continued enrollment in the AMP ends
• You become covered under any other group medical plan
• The benefit has been paid for 36 consecutive months
Medical premium
benefit for
dependent
(COBRA)
An amount equal to the lesser of:
• The actual amount of the medical premium;
and
• $10,000
Payable yearly until the first of these occurs:
• Your dependent’s continued enrollment in the AMP ends
• Your dependent becomes covered under any other
group medical plan
• The benefit has been paid for 3 consecutive years.
A benefit for spouse/partner premiums is only available to
full-time hourly and management associates only.
Monthly
rehabilitation
benefit
An amount equal to the lesser of:
• 10% of the amount of insurance on the
person incurring the loss; and
• $250
Payable monthly until the first of these occurs:
• A doctor determines the person no longer needs
rehabilitation
• The person fails to furnish any required proof of a
continuing need for rehabilitation
• The person fails to submit to a required medical exam
• The benefit has been paid for 36 consecutive months
Common accident
benefit
An amount equal to the difference between:
• The amount of insurance payable under the
coverage for your loss of life; and
• The amount of insurance payable under
the coverage for your spouse or domestic
partner’s loss of life
Accidental death and dismemberment(AD&D) insurance
248
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Filing a claim
The following information must be provided to Prudential
regarding the claimant:
• Name
• Social Security number
• Date of death or injury, and
• Cause of death or injury (if known).
Prudential will send a claim packet to your address on file.
The required information must be completed and returned
with the claim forms and an original or certified copy of the
death certificate, when applicable, to:
The Prudential Insurance Company of America
Group Claim Life Division
P.O. Box 8517
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19176
Benefits are paid in a lump sum. If you or a covered
dependent sustains more than one covered loss due to an
accidental injury, the amount paid, on behalf of any such
injured person, will not exceed the full amount of the benefit.
Claims are determined under the time frames and
requirements set out in the Claims and appeals chapter. You
or your beneficiary has the right to appeal a claim denial.
When benefits are not paid
AD&D benefits are not paid for any loss that occurs prior
to your enrollment in the Plan, nor any loss caused or
contributed to by the following:
• Suicide or attempted suicide, while sane or insane
• Intentionally self-inflicted injuries, or any attempt to inflict
such injuries
• Sickness, whether the loss results directly or indirectly
from the sickness
• Medical or surgical treatment of sickness, whether the loss
results directly or indirectly from the treatment
• Bacterial or viral infection, but not including:
– Pyogenic infection resulting from an accidental cut or
wound, or
– Bacterial infection resulting from accidental ingestion
of a contaminated substance.
• Taking part in any insurrection
• War, declared or undeclared, or any act of war
• An accident that occurs while the person is serving on
full‑time active duty for more than 30 days in any armed
forces (not including Reserve or National Guard active
duty for training)
• Travel or flight in any vehicle used for aerial navigation if
you are riding as a passenger in any aircraft not intended
or licensed for the transportation of passengers (including
getting in, out, on, or off such vehicle)
• Commission or attempted commission of an assault
or felony
• Operating a land, water, or air vehicle while being legally
intoxicated, or
• Being under the influence of or taking any controlled
substance as defined in Title II of the Comprehensive
Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970, and
all amendments, unless prescribed by and administered
in accordance with the advice of the insured’s doctor.
Break in coverage
There may be occasions in which you must make special
arrangements to pay your AD&D insurance premiums to
avoid a break in coverage. These situations occur most
commonly if you are on a leave of absence or if your
Walmart paycheck is not sufficient to pay your full share
of the cost of coverage (such as after a reduction in hours).
Failure to make your premium payments by the due date
may result in an interruption in the payment of any benefit
claims and/or a break in coverage.
For details on the impact a break in coverage may have,
and on how to make personal payments to continue your
coverage, see Keeping your premiums current in the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
IF YOU GO ON A LEAVE OF ABSENCE
You may continue your coverage up to the last day of an
approved leave of absence, provided that you pay your
premiums before or during the leave. For information about
making payments while on a leave of absence, see Keeping
your premiums current in the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter.
When coverage ends
Your AD&D coverage ends:
• On the date you voluntarily drop coverage (as described on
the following page)
• At termination of your employment
• On the last day of coverage for which premiums were paid,
if you fail to pay your premiums within 30 days of the date
your premium is due
• On the date of your death
• On the date you or a dependent spouse/partner or child
loses eligibility
• On the last day of an approved leave of absence (unless
you return to work), or
Accidental death and dismemberment(AD&D) insurance
249
• When the benefit is no longer offered by the company.
AD&D coverage cannot be converted to individual
coverage after coverage ends.
In addition, if you have chosen associate + dependent(s)
coverage and your job status changes to part
-time hourly
associate, temporary associate, or part
-time truck driver,
your coverage for your spouse/partner will end on the last
day of the pay period when your job status changes.
If you voluntarily drop coverage after an election change
event or at Annual Enrollment, coverage ends as follows: • After an election change event: coverage ends on the
effective date of the event. See Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for information.
• At Annual Enrollment: coverage ends on December 31 of
the current year.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you are a part
-time or temporary associate who is subject
to the 60
-day, one
-time, and annual eligibility checks
for medical benefits, see the Permitted election changes
outside Annual Enrollment in the Eligibility, enrollment, and
effective dates chapter for details regarding the impact to
your benefits of terminating employment with the company
and then returning to work.
If you are a full
-time hourly, management, or truck driver
associate, see the If you leave the company and are rehired
section in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
chapter for details regarding the impact to your benefits,
of terminating employment with the company and then
returning to work.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
This information is intended to be a summary of your benefits and may not include all policy provisions.
If there is a discrepancy between this document and the policy issued by Allstate Benefits regarding the
calculation of benefits and limitations under the policy, the terms of the policy will govern. You may obtain a
copy of this policy by contacting the Plan. Allstate Benefits is the marketing name used by American Heritage
Life Insurance Company, the underwriting company and subsidiary of The Allstate Corporation.
Critical illness
insurance
Critical illness insurance 252
Critical illness benefits 252
Naming a beneficiary 253
Filing a claim 254
When benefits are not paid 254
Break in coverage 255
When coverage ends 255
If you leave the company and are rehired 256
The information in this chapter describes critical illness benefits
that may be available to you if:
• You are an hourly, temporary, part-time truck driver, or salaried (management) associate
• You have met all requirements for coverage to be effective, including actively-at-work requirements, and
• You have enrolled in a timely manner.
For questions about eligibility, enrollment, and requirements for coverage to be effective, see the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
Critical illness insurance
251
Critical illness insurance
If you enroll yourself and your eligible dependents in critical illness insurance, you or your
beneficiary will be eligible for a direct lump‑sum cash benefit to help pay for expenses related
to covered critical illnesses.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Get detailed information Go to One.Walmart.com or
AllstateBenefits.com/Walmart
Call Allstate Benefits at 800-514-9525
What you need to know about critical illness insurance
• You may purchase critical illness insurance to assist you and your family in the event you or your covered dependent
is diagnosed with certain serious illnesses.
• You may elect coverage amounts of $5,000, $10,000, $15,000, or $20,000.
• If you or a covered dependent is diagnosed with a covered critical illness, critical illness insurance pays a percentage
of the coverage amount in a lump sum, based on the nature of the condition.
• Proof of Good Health is not required for any level of coverage.
• The Certificate of Insurance available online at One.Walmart.com or AllstateBenefits.com/Walmart provides detailed
information about critical illness insurance, in addition to the highlights available in this chapter.
Critical illness insurance
252
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Critical illness insurance
Critical illness insurance provides a direct benefit if you
or any covered dependents are diagnosed with a covered
illness or disease. The policy pays benefits regardless of,
and in addition to, any other insurance you may have.
Coverage is available in $5,000 increments up to a maximum
of $20,000 with no Proof of Good Health required.
CHOOSING A COVERAGE TIER
When you enroll for critical illness insurance, you may also
select the eligible family members you wish to cover:
• Associate only
• Associate + spouse/partner (except for part‑time
hourly associates, temporary associates, and part‑time
truck drivers)
• Associate + child(ren), or
• Associate + family (except for part‑time hourly associates,
temporary associates, and part‑time truck drivers).
If you have associate‑only or associate + spouse/partner
coverage and you (or your spouse/partner) give birth to
a child, your newborn child will be automatically covered
for 60 days after birth. You must change your election
to associate + child(ren) or associate + family if you wish
to continue covering your child after 60 days. See the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for
information on when and how you may change your election.
The cost for coverage is based on the coverage amounts
you choose, the eligible dependents you choose to cover,
your age, and whether you (and/or your covered spouse/
partner) are eligible for tobacco‑free rates.
Critical illness benefits
Benefits are payable if you are diagnosed with one of
the conditions listed below, subject to terms of the
Certificate of Insurance available at One.Walmart.com or
AllstateBenefits.com/Walmart. You can also call Allstate
Benefits at 800-514-9525 for a copy. Coverage must be
effective before the date of diagnosis for an illness or
disease to be covered under the policy.
No benefit is payable for any disease diagnosed before the
effective date of coverage. If you die before your effective
date, no critical illness insurance benefit will be paid to your
beneficiary(ies).
Benefits of 100% of the coverage amount you elect will be
paid upon the occurrence of the following critical illnesses,
subject to complete details in the Certificate of Insurance:
• Invasive cancer
• Alzheimer’s disease (requires loss of three activities of
daily living)
• Coronary artery bypass surgery (excludes balloon
angioplasty, laser embolectomy, atherectomy, stent
placement, and other non-surgical procedures)
• End‑stage renal failure
• Heart attack
• Stroke
• Parkinson’s disease (requires loss of two activities of
daily living)
• Total and irreversible loss of hearing in both ears continuing
for six consecutive months following the illness that caused
it and that cannot be corrected by the use of any hearing
aid or device
• Permanent and uncorrectable loss of sight in one or both
eyes due to sickness
• Quadriplegia
• Paraplegia
• Loss of at least one foot, hand, arm, or leg
• Benign brain tumor, other than tumors of the skull,
pituitary adenomas, or germinomas, resulting in persistent
neurological deficits
• Coma (not medically induced) lasting at least seven
consecutive days due to underlying illness or traumatic
brain injury
• Sickle cell anemia
• Systemic lupus
• Tuberculosis, or
• Major organ transplant or placement on the National
Transplant List as an active or an inactive candidate for a
major organ transplant (see note below).
If you undergo a major organ transplant, as specified in the
major organ transplant rider found in the Certificate of
Insurance, you will receive 100% of the coverage amount
you elect. If you are enrolled in the Saver Plan, you are not
eligible for the major organ transplant rider included in
critical illness insurance.
The following benefits are payable at less than 100% of the
coverage amount you elect:
• Carcinoma in situ: 25% of coverage amount
• Complete loss of one or more fingers and/or one or more
toes: 25% of coverage amount
• Transient ischemic attacks (TIAs): 25% of coverage amount
• Aneurysm (ruptured or dissecting): 25% of coverage amount
• Specified diseases: 50% of coverage amount
– Addison’s disease
– Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (Lou Gehrig’s disease)
– Cerebrospinal meningitis (bacterial)
– Cerebral palsy
– Cystic fibrosis
Critical illness insurance
253
– Diphtheria
– Encephalitis
– Huntington’s chorea
– Legionnaires’ disease (confirmation by culture or sputum)
– Malaria
– Multiple sclerosis
– Muscular dystrophy
– Myasthenia gravis
– Necrotizing fasciitis
– Osteomyelitis
– Poliomyelitis
– Rabies
– Systemic sclerosis (scleroderma), or
– Tetanus.
All of the benefits described above will be paid once, under
the Initial Critical Illness benefit.
The following Recurrence of Critical Illness benefits are
paid for a second diagnosis:*
• Benign brain tumor
• Invasive cancer
• Carcinoma in situ
• Ruptured or dissecting aneurysm
• Coma
• Rabies
• Coronary artery bypass surgery
• Stroke
• Heart attack
*The Recurrence of Critical Illness benefits will be paid a
second time at 100% of the coverage amount if:
• The recurrence happens at least 181 days after the initial
occurrence.
• For a recurrence of the same type of cancer, you must be
symptom‑free and treatment-free for 181 days after the
initial occurrence. (Maintenance medications and followup visits do not count as treatment.)
Other benefits payable include:
• Ambulance: $400 for ground ambulance or $4,000 for
air ambulance if a covered individual requires ambulance
transportation to a hospital or emergency center due to a
covered illness.
• Post‑traumatic stress disorder (PTSD): $100 for each day a
covered individual receives counseling for PTSD; payable
once per day per covered individual and limited to six days
per calendar year.
• Skin cancer benefit: $500 upon positive diagnosis of
skin cancer (basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell
carcinoma) by a licensed Doctor of Medicine certified by
the American Board of Pathology to practice pathological
anatomy, or an osteopathic pathologist, based on
microscopic examination of skin biopsy samples). This
benefit is not paid for malignant melanoma (which is
covered under the invasive cancer benefit). It also does
not include any conditions which may be considered
precancerous, such as: leukoplakia; actinic keratosis;
carcinoid; hyperplasia; polycythemia; nonmalignant
melanoma; moles; or similar diseases or lesions. Payable
only once per covered individual each calendar year.
• National Cancer Institute (NCI) evaluation or Walmart
Centers of Excellence evaluation: when evaluated for
determining the appropriate treatment of a previously
diagnosed covered illness, $500 for evaluation; $250 for
transportation and lodging if the NCI center or Walmart
Centers of Excellence facility is more than 100 miles from
your home. Payable once for each initial occurrence or
recurrence of a covered illness.
• Lodging benefit: $60 per day when a covered individual
receives treatment for a covered illness on an outpatient
basis at a treatment facility more than 100 miles from the
covered individual’s home. This benefit is limited to 60 days
per calendar year and is not payable for lodging occurring
more than 24 hours prior to treatment or for lodging
occurring more than 24 hours following treatment.
• Transportation benefit: $0.50 per mile for personal vehicle,
up to $1,500, or up to $1,500 round‑trip transportation
for coach fare on a common carrier. Transportation must
be required for treatment of a covered critical illness at a
hospital (inpatient or outpatient), radiation therapy center,
chemotherapy or oncology clinic, or any other specialized
freestanding treatment facility. If the treatment is for a
covered child and common carrier travel is necessary, the
benefit will be paid for up to two adults to accompany the
child. This benefit will not be paid if the covered individual
lives within 100 miles of the treatment facility.
Naming a beneficiary
If you die while covered under critical illness insurance, your
beneficiary(ies) will receive any benefits due at the time of
your death. You must name a beneficiary(ies) to receive your
critical illness insurance benefit if you die. Do this by going to
One.Walmart.com. Note that only beneficiary designations
made online are accepted. Paper forms are not accepted.
You can name anyone you wish. If the beneficiary(ies) you
list with the company differs from the beneficiary(ies)
named in your will, the list that the company has prevails.
Critical illness insurance
254
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The following information is needed for each beneficiary
you name:
• Name
• Current address and phone number
• Relationship to you
• Social Security number
• Date of birth, and
• The percentage you wish to designate per beneficiary, up
to a total 100%.
If two or more beneficiaries are designated and their shares
are not specified, they will share the insurance benefit equally.
If a named beneficiary dies before you, that beneficiary’s
interest will end, and will be shared equally by any remaining
beneficiaries unless your beneficiary form states otherwise.
You can name a minor as a beneficiary; however, Allstate
Benefits may not be legally permitted to pay the minor
until the minor reaches legal age. You may want to consult
an attorney or an estate planner before naming a minor as
a beneficiary.
You (the associate) are automatically assigned as the
primary beneficiary of your covered dependent’s critical
illness coverage. If you and your dependent die at the
same time, benefits will be paid as if you had not named a
beneficiary. See If you do not name a beneficiary below.
CHANGING YOUR BENEFICIARY
You can change your beneficiary(ies) at any time
on One.Walmart.com. All changes must be made at
One.Walmart.com. Paper forms are not accepted.
IF YOU DO NOT NAME A BENEFICIARY
If no beneficiary is named or the beneficiary you named
does not survive you, payment of any benefits due at your
death will be paid in the following order:
• Your spouse/partner; if not surviving, then
• Your children, in equal shares; if not surviving, then
• Your parents, in equal shares; if not surviving, then
• Your siblings, in equal shares; if not surviving, then
• Your estate.
Be sure to keep your beneficiary information
up to date. Proceeds go to whoever is
listed on your beneficiary form with the
company, regardless of your current
relationship with that person, unless state
law says otherwise. All beneficiary changes
must be completed on One.Walmart.com.
Paper forms are not accepted.
Filing a claim
Within 60 days of the occurrence or commencement of any
covered critical illness, or as soon as reasonably possible,
send a notice of claim to:
Allstate Benefits
Attn: Walmart Claims Unit
P.O. Box 41488
Jacksonville, Florida 32203-1488
You may also provide notice of claim as follows:
Online: AllstateBenefits.com/mybenefits
By phone: 800-514-9525
By fax: 877-423-8804
Be sure to provide the following information for the
covered person:
• Name
• Social Security number, and
• Date the covered illness began.
You may request a claim form from Allstate Benefits or
visit One.Walmart.com or AllstateBenefits.com/Walmart
to obtain a copy. If you do not receive a claim form within
15 days of your request, you may send a notice of the claim
to Allstate Benefits by providing Allstate Benefits with a
statement of the nature and extent of the loss.
Claims are determined under the time frames and
requirements set out in the Claims and appeals chapter.
You or your beneficiary has the right to appeal a claim
denial. See the Claims and appeals chapter for details.
When benefits are not paid
No benefit will be paid for any critical illness due to or
resulting directly or indirectly from:
• A critical illness that occurred prior to the coverage
effective date
• Any act of war, whether or not declared, or participation in
a riot, insurrection, or rebellion
• Intentionally self‑inflicted injuries
• Engaging in an illegal occupation or committing or
attempting to commit a felony
• Attempted suicide, while sane or insane
• Being under the influence of narcotics or any other
controlled chemical substance, unless administered upon
the advice of a physician
Critical illness insurance
255
• Participation in any form of aeronautics, except as a
fare‑paying passenger in a licensed aircraft provided
by a common carrier and operating between definitely
established airports, or
• Alcohol abuse or alcoholism, drug addiction, or
dependence upon any controlled substance.
Break in coverage
There may be occasions in which you must make special
arrangements to pay your critical illness insurance
premiums to avoid a break in coverage. These situations
occur most commonly if you are on a leave of absence or
if your Walmart paycheck is not sufficient to pay your full
share of the cost of coverage (such as after a reduction in
hours). Failure to make your premium payments by the due
date may result in an interruption in the payment of any
benefit claims and/or a break in coverage.
For details on the impact a break in coverage may have,
and on how to make personal payments to continue your
coverage, see Keeping your premiums current in the
Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
IF YOU GO ON A LEAVE OF ABSENCE
You may continue your coverage up to the last day of an
approved leave of absence, provided that you pay your
premiums before or during the leave. For information
about making payments while on a leave of absence,
see Keeping your premiums current in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter.
When coverage ends
Your critical illness insurance coverage ends on the earliest
of the following:
• On the date you voluntarily drop coverage (as described on
this page)
• On the date you terminate your employment
• On the last day through which required premiums were
paid, if you fail to pay your premiums within 30 days of the
date they were due
• On your date of death
• On the last day of an approved leave of absence (unless
you return to work), or
• When critical illness insurance is no longer offered by
the company.
Critical illness insurance coverage for your spouse/partner
ends on the earliest of the following:
• On the date your insurance coverage ends
• On the last day of the pay period when your job status
changes to part‑time, temporary, or part‑time truck driver
• On the date you and your spouse are legally separated
• On the date you and your spouse are divorced or your
partnership ends, or
• On your spouse/partner’s death.
Critical illness insurance coverage for your dependent
child(ren) ends on the earliest of the following:
• On the date your insurance coverage ends
• On the date your dependent child loses eligibility, or
• On your dependent child’s death.
If you voluntarily drop coverage after an election change
event or at Annual Enrollment, coverage ends as follows:
• After an election change event: coverage ends on the
effective date of the event. See Permitted election
changes outside Annual Enrollment in the Eligibility,
enrollment, and effective dates chapter for information.
• At Annual Enrollment: coverage ends on December 31 of
the current year.
CONTINUATION OF COVERAGE
AT TERMINATION
If your coverage under critical illness insurance terminates
as described above (except due to nonpayment of premiums
or death), you and your covered dependents may continue
critical illness insurance coverage directly from Allstate
Benefits through portability coverage. The benefits, terms,
and conditions of the portability coverage will be the
same as those provided under the critical illness insurance
available under the Plan at the time of termination. To
receive portability coverage, you must notify Allstate
Benefits that you wish to continue coverage and send the
first premium within 60 days of the date your coverage
under critical illness insurance terminates.
Portability coverage will be effective on the day after
coverage under the Plan terminates and will end on the
earliest of the following:
• The date you again are eligible for critical illness insurance
under the Plan.
• The last day through which required premiums were paid,
if you fail to pay your premiums within 30 days of the date
they were due.
• For your covered dependents, on the date your coverage
terminates or the date the dependent cases to be an
eligible dependent.
Critical illness insurance
256
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Any eligible dependent covered under critical illness
insurance at the time such coverage terminates as a result
of reaching the maximum age for eligibility may also receive
portability coverage under the terms described above.
Contact Allstate Benefits at 800-514-9525 for information.
The premiums for portability coverage are due in advance
of each month’s coverage, on the first day of the calendar
month. The premiums are set at the same rate in effect
under critical illness insurance for active associates with
the same coverage.
For more information, please contact Allstate Benefits at
800-514-9525.
If you leave the company and
are rehired
If you are a part-time or temporary associate who is subject
to the 60-day, one-time, and annual eligibility checks for
medical benefits, see the Part‑time hourly and temporary
associates: eligibility checks for medical benefits section in
the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter for
details regarding the impact to your benefits of terminating
employment with the company and then returning to work.
If you are a full-time hourly, management, or truck driver
associate, see the If you leave the company and are rehired
section in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
chapter for details regarding the impact to your benefits
of terminating employment with the company and then
returning to work.
Critical illness insurance
257
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Claims and appeals
Deadlines to file a claim or bring legal action 260
Appealing an enrollment or eligibility status decision 260
Medical, pharmacy, Centers of Excellence, dental, and vision benefits claims process 260
Internal appeal process 263
Special appeal procedures for Centers of Excellence 264
Voluntary review 268
External appeal process for medical, pharmacy, or Centers of Excellence benefits 268
Other rights related to medical, pharmacy, Centers of Excellence, dental, vision, and short-term
disability benefits 269
The Plan’s subrogation and reimbursement rights 269
Claims for benefits and right to appeal reduction, reimbursement, and subrogation decisions 271
HMO plan options’ claims and appeals procedures 272
PPO Plan option’s claims and appeals procedures 272
Accident and critical illness insurance claims process 272
Company-paid life insurance, optional associate and dependent life insurance, business travel
accident insurance, and AD&D claims process 275
Claims and appeals process for disability coverage claims 276
Resources for Living benefits 279
International business travel medical insurance 279
Claims and appeals
259
Claims and appeals
As a participant in the Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan, you have the right to appeal a decision
regarding Plan eligibility and benefits. This chapter describes the process and the deadlines for
appealing a determination regarding your enrollment or eligibility status or a claim for the following
benefits that has been partially or fully denied: medical, pharmacy, dental, vision, HMO and PPO
Plan options, disability, and life, AD&D, critical illness or accident insurance.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need
Submit a claim for benefits For medical, pharmacy, dental, and vision claims, see your plan ID card for the claims
address or call your health care advisor at the number on your plan ID card. Submit
Centers of Excellence claims to the administrator as shown in the Centers of Excellence
chart later in the chapter. Submit all other claims to the Plan’s third-party administrators
or insurer, if applicable, as shown later in this chapter.
Appeal a denied claim Submit appeals to the addresses and within the deadlines provided in this chapter. Your
initial denial letter will also specify where and when to file an appeal.
Appeal a decision on eligibility for
coverage or enrollment status
Write to:
Walmart Total Rewards Benefits
Attn: Internal Appeals
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
Or fax to 888-715-4154
Or for COBRA appeals, write to:
WageWorks (COBRA Appeals)
P.O. Box 226591
Dallas, Texas 75222-6591
Designate an authorized
representative to submit appeals on
your behalf
Call the number on your plan ID card or call People Services at 800-421-1362.
What you need to know about claims and appeals
• You have the right to appeal an adverse enrollment or eligibility decision affecting your coverage.
• You have the right to appeal an adverse preauthorization decision regarding your requested benefits.
• You have the right to appeal a benefit claim that has been partially or fully denied.
• You can appoint another party to appeal on your behalf by completing the Plan’s authorized representative form.
• After a final decision of an appeal of a medical, pharmacy, or Centers of Excellence claim is made, you may have the
right to request an independent external review of the decision if the claim is denied based on medical judgment or
based on a determination that the claim is not subject to surprise billing protections.
• Decisions regarding enrollment, eligibility status, and questions related to eligibility waiting periods are not eligible
for external review, but are eligible for voluntary review under the Plan. In addition, for the medical, dental, and vision
plans, appeals denied for nonmedical administrative reasons (e.g., because you exceeded the Plan’s visit limits) are
eligible for voluntary review under the Plan.
• You have the right to bring legal action if a claim is denied on appeal, but only after you have exhausted the Plan’s
claims and appeals procedures.
Claims and appeals
260
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Deadlines to file a claim or bring
legal action
You must submit your claim to the Plan within 18 months.
Unless otherwise specified in the chapter describing the
applicable benefit, or in this chapter, initial claims for
benefits under the Plan must be filed within 18 months
from the date of service or other date on which the right to
make a claim first arises. Since procedures for filing a claim
or an appeal are different for different benefit plans and
third‑party administrators, be sure to review the relevant
section of this chapter for detailed information.
You must meet all claim and appeal deadlines and “exhaust”
your administrative remedies before you may take other
legal action. You must complete the required claims and
appeals process described in this Claims and appeals chapter
before you may bring legal action or, for certain medical,
pharmacy, dental, or Centers of Excellence claims, pursue
external review. You may not file a lawsuit for benefits if the
initial claim or appeal is not made within the time periods set
forth in the procedures described in this chapter. You can
appoint another party to file a claim or appeal on your behalf
by completing the Plan’s authorized representative form.
You have limited time to file a lawsuit claiming benefits.
If you have completed all required claims and appeals and
you want to file a lawsuit, you must file any lawsuit for
benefits within 180 days after the final decision on appeal
(whether by the Plan or after external review). You may not
file suit after the end of that 180-day period. If you request
a voluntary review or, if applicable, an external review, the
time taken by the voluntary review or external review is
not counted against the 180 days you have to file a lawsuit.
However, you are not required to request a voluntary review
by the Plan or an external review of the decision on appeal
before filing a lawsuit.
BENEFITS MAY NOT BE ASSIGNED
You may not assign your legal rights, such as the right to
pursue an appeal, the right to request copies of certain
Plan-related documents, the right to pursue any type
of litigation on your behalf, including but not limited
to litigation for payment of benefits, the right to pursue
litigation for breach of fiduciary duty, the right to pursue
litigation seeking equitable relief, or the right to pursue
litigation to recover any statutory penalties, or your rights
to any payments under this Plan. However, the Plan may
choose to remit benefit payments directly to health care
providers with respect to covered services, but only as
a convenience to you and only if you authorize the Plan
to do so. Health care providers are not, and shall not be
construed as, either “participants” or “beneficiaries” under
this Plan and have no rights to receive benefits from the
Plan or to exercise legal rights or pursue appeals or legal
causes of action on behalf of (or in place of) you or your
covered dependents under any circumstances.
Appealing an enrollment or
eligibility status decision
This section describes the appeal process that applies to
enrollment and eligibility determinations, including whether
you have met applicable waiting periods for coverage to be
effective. See the Special appeal procedures for Centers of
Excellence section of this chapter for specific details about
requesting a waiver of the 12-month waiting period for
transplant services. The AMP does not permit waiver of the
12-month waiting period applicable to weight loss surgery.
If you disagree with the Plan Administrator’s determination
regarding your enrollment or eligibility status, you have 365
days from your eligibility enrollment event to appeal in writing
to Total Rewards Benefits, attention Internal Appeals, at the
address in the Resources chart at the beginning of this chapter.
COBRA participants should send the appeal, in writing, to
WageWorks at the address in the Resources chart at the
beginning of this chapter.
Your appeal will be handled within 60 days from the date it is
received (30 days for COBRA appeals), unless an extension
is required.
The 60‑day period may be extended if it is determined that
an extension is necessary due to matters beyond the Plan’s
control. You will be notified prior to the end of the 60‑day
period if an extension or additional information is required.
Appeals of enrollment or eligibility decisions are not eligible
for external review but are eligible for voluntary review. See
the Voluntary review section later in this chapter.
Medical, pharmacy, Centers of
Excellence, dental, and vision
benefits claims process
This section describes the claims process that will be used
for the following benefits only:
• Medical, pharmacy, and Centers of Excellence benefits
except for HMO plan and PPO Plan options; see HMO
plan options’ claims and appeals procedures and PPO Plan
option’s claims and appeals procedures later in this chapter
• Dental benefits (through Delta Dental)
• Vision benefits (through VSP), and
• A rescission of coverage, which is a cancellation of
coverage that has a retroactive effect, except where
cancellation of coverage is due to failure to pay required
contributions or premiums in a timely manner.
If you voluntarily choose to prenotify the third-party
administrator (“TPA”) of a scheduled medical service
before you receive treatment, and the medical service is
not required to be preauthorized, the TPA’s response is
nonbinding on the Plan and not subject to appeal. However,
if the Plan terms or policies, as applied by your TPA, require 
Claims and appeals
261
you or your provider to preauthorize services and your
request for preauthorization is denied, that decision is
subject to appeal. See The medical plan chapter for more
information on voluntary prenotification and required
preauthorization provisions. Contact your TPA if you have
questions about whether a service requires preauthorization.
Refer to the respective chapters in this Associate Benefits
Book for additional information on filing your initial
claim. In many cases, initial claims will be submitted on
your behalf by your health care provider. Initial claims
will be determined by the TPA listed in the chart below.
These TPAs have been delegated authority to make claim
determinations. In some cases, the TPA may contract with a
third party to make claim determinations.
TIME PERIODS FOR CLAIM DETERMINATIONS
The time period in which your claim is determined depends
on the type of claim.
Pre-service claims. See the Preauthorization section
of The medical plan chapter for services that require
preauthorization. You should also check with your TPA to
determine whether a service requires preauthorization.
If a specific service requires preauthorization, you or your
CLAIMS ADMINISTRATION: ROUTINE MEDICAL, PHARMACY, DENTAL, AND VISION
Medical
• For Centers of Excellence claims
other than family building, see below
• Includes services at a Centers of
Excellence facility that are not
covered under the Centers of
Excellence program and transplant
claims not required to be performed
at Mayo Clinic
Your third-party administrator
Premier, Contribution, and Saver Plan and family building benefits under the Centers
of Excellence program (see your plan ID card)
• Aetna Life Insurance Company (Aetna)*
• BlueAdvantage Administrators of Arkansas (BlueAdvantage)*
• UMR
Local Plan options
• Mercy Arkansas Local Plan—HealthSCOPE Benefits
• Banner Local Plan—Aetna
*If your TPA is Aetna or BlueAdvantage and your work location is in AL, AK, AZ, CO, IL, IN,
IA, KY, MN, MO, NC, SC, TN, VA, WV, or WI, pre‑service claims may be determined by
Included Health or a third party on behalf of Included Health. However, you should still
contact your TPA for any pre-service (“preauthorization”) requests.
Pharmacy OptumRx
Dental Delta Dental
Vision VSP
CLAIMS ADMINISTRATION: CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE
NOTE: If you are enrolled in a local plan, please call your health care advisor to be directed to the appropriate administrator.
Heart surgery Contigo Health
Cancer medical record review HealthSCOPE Benefits
Outpatient kidney dialysis or ESRD
medical record review
HealthSCOPE Benefits
Family-building treatment and services Your third-party administrator
Hip and knee replacement Contigo Health
Spine surgery Contigo Health
Transplant HealthSCOPE Benefits
Weight loss surgery Contigo Health
The chart titled Claims process and timing on the following page shows deadlines for claims determinations for these types
of claims.
provider must file a claim for approval of that service before
you receive treatment, or your claim may not be paid. These
are called “pre‑service claims.”
Urgent care claims. If your pre‑service claim is urgent,
your claim will be decided under the time frames applicable
to urgent care claims. A claim is urgent where making a
determination under the normal time frames could seriously
jeopardize your life or health or your ability to regain
maximum function, or, in the opinion of a physician with
knowledge of your medical condition, would subject you to
severe pain that could not adequately be managed without
the care or treatment that is the subject of the claim.
Post-service claims. If you are filing a claim after you have
already received services, your claim is a “post‑service
claim”. If your claim arises when there is a reduction in
ongoing care, your claim is a concurrent care claim.
Concurrent care claims. If your claim arises when there is a
reduction in ongoing care, such as a reduction in the length
of a previously approved hospital stay or a reduction in
the number of previously approved physical therapy visits,
or if you request an extension of an ongoing course of
treatment, your claim is a “concurrent care claim.”
Claims and appeals
262
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
CLAIMS PROCESS AND TIMING
Urgent claims
Any claim for medical care or treatment
where making a determination under
the normal time frames could seriously
jeopardize your life or health or your ability
to regain maximum function, or, in the
opinion of a physician with knowledge of
your medical condition, would subject you
to severe pain that could not adequately
be managed without the care or
treatment that is the subject of the claim.
Notice will be sent as soon as possible, taking into account the medical
circumstances, and in no case later than 72 hours after receipt of the claim. Notice
will be provided regardless of whether the claim is approved or denied.
You may receive notice orally, in which case a written notice will be provided within
three days of the oral notice. If your urgent claim is determined to be incomplete,
you will receive a notice to this effect within 24 hours of receipt of your claim, at
which point you will have 48 hours to provide additional information.
If you request an extension of urgent care benefits beyond an initially determined
period and make the request at least 24 hours prior to the expiration of the original
determination, you will be notified within 24 hours of receipt of the request.
Pre-service claims
A claim for services that have not yet
been rendered and for which the Plan
requires preauthorization.
If your pre-service claim is filed properly, a claims determination will be sent within
a reasonable period of time appropriate to the medical circumstances, but no later
than 15 days from receipt of the claim.
If an extension is necessary due to matters beyond the Plan’s control, this time may
be extended 15 days. You will receive notice prior to the extension that indicates
the circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Plan expects
to render a determination. If the extension is necessary to request additional
information, the extension notice will describe the required information, and you
will be given at least 45 days to submit the information. The Plan then will make its
determination within 15 days from the date the Plan receives your information, or,
if earlier, the deadline to submit your information.
If your pre-service claim is improperly filed, you will be sent notification within five
days of receipt of the claim.
Post‑service claims
A claim for services that already have
been rendered, or where the Plan does
not require authorization.
A notice of a denial of a post-service claim will be sent within a reasonable time
period, but not longer than 30 days from receipt of the claim.
If an extension is necessary due to matters beyond the Plan’s control, this time may
be extended 15 days. You will receive notice prior to the extension that indicates
the circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Plan expects
to render a determination. If the extension is necessary to request additional
information, the extension notice will describe the required information, and you
will be given at least 45 days to submit the information. The Plan then will make its
determination within 15 days from the date the Plan receives your information, or, if
earlier, the deadline to submit your information.
Concurrent care claims
A claim related to a reduction of ongoing
services or a request to extend an
ongoing course of treatment.
You will be notified in advance of any decision to reduce or terminate coverage
for ongoing care so that you will be able to appeal the decision and obtain
a determination before the coverage is reduced or terminated, unless such a
reduction or termination is due to a Plan amendment or termination of the Plan.
NOTICE OF CLAIM DENIAL
If your claim is denied, the denial notice will include the
following information:
• The specific reasons for the denial
• Reference to Plan provisions on which the denial was based
• Information regarding time limits for appeal
• A description of any additional information necessary to
consider your claim and why such information is necessary
• A statement that you have the right to obtain, upon
request and free of charge, a copy of internal rules or
guidelines relied upon in making this determination
• If your denial is based on medical necessity or similar
limitation, an explanation of this rule (or a statement
that it is available upon request), and
• Notice regarding your right to bring legal action following
a denial on appeal.
For medical, pharmacy, Centers of Excellence, and vision
benefits, the denial also will include:
• Information sufficient to identify the claim involved,
including, as applicable, the date of service, health care
provider, and claim amount
– Upon written request, the Plan will provide you with the
diagnosis and treatment codes (and their corresponding
meanings) associated with any denied claim or appeal.
• The denial code and its meaning
• A description of the Plan’s standard for denying the claim
• Information regarding available internal and external
appeals, including how to initiate an appeal, and
Claims and appeals
263
• The availability of any contact information for an
applicable office of health insurance consumer assistance
or ombudsman to assist you with the internal and external
appeals process.
SOME TYPES OF PAYMENT DISPUTES
ARE NOT CLAIM “DENIALS”
Not every situation in which there is a payment dispute
between the Plan and your health care provider will
be considered a claim for benefits under these claims
procedures that results in a denial notice or a right to
appeal. If a decision is limited to a question about the
amount owed by the Plan to a provider and does not affect
the amount you may owe to the provider, the dispute
generally will not fall under these procedures. This may
occur, for example, when a network provider disputes the
negotiated amount paid by the TPA or when a non-network
provider disputes a payment from the TPA with respect to
a service for which the provider is prohibited under state
or federal law from billing you for the balance of unpaid
amounts. The provider may separately dispute this payment
to the TPA or Plan, but it is not a claim for your Plan
benefits under these procedures.
Internal appeal process
APPEALING A CLAIM THAT HAS BEEN FULLY
OR PARTIALLY DENIED
If a claim submitted by you (or on your behalf) has been
denied, you may request an appeal of the decision. In order
for your appeal to be considered, it must:
• Be in writing
• Be sent to the correct address (see Contact information
for appeals on the right)
• Be submitted within 365 days of the date of the initial
denial (for medical, Centers of Excellence, and dental
claims) or 180 days (for pharmacy and vision claims), and
• Contain any additional information/documentation you
would like considered.
If your appeal involves an urgent claim, please contact your
TPA for information about how to file your appeal orally.
Aetna, OptumRx, and VSP allow two appeals (i.e., two levels
of review). The second appeal must be submitted within 60
days of the date of the first appeal denial. All other TPAs
have one level of appeal.
When making an appeal, you must send your written request
for review of the initial claim to the TPA that administers
your claims, as listed in the chart that follows.
Your claim denial notice will provide specific
information about appealing a denied claim.
CONTACT INFORMATION FOR APPEALS
MEDICAL SERVICES
(Including services performed at a Centers of Excellence facility
but not covered under the Centers of Excellence program)
If you are unable to locate the address for appeals in the claim
denial notice, call your TPA at the number listed below. Refer to
your plan ID card for the name of your TPA.
Aetna 855-548-2387
800-525-6257
(Chicago metro & south FL)
833-554-1544 (AZ, TN, MN, CO)
800-626-9170 (GA, OH)
BlueAdvantage 866-823-3790
UMR 855-870-9177
HealthSCOPE Benefits 800-804-1272
UnitedHealthcare
(claims with a date of
service on or before
Dec. 31, 2021)
888-285-9255
CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE SERVICES
Note that there is a special claims and appeals process for certain
Centers of Excellence benefits. See details later in this chapter.
Contigo Health
• Heart surgery
• Spine surgery
• Hip and knee
replacement
• Weight loss surgery
Contigo Health
Centers of Excellence: Walmart
Attn: Appeals Coordinator
300 Executive Pkwy Ste 100
Hudson, Ohio 44236
HealthSCOPE Benefits
• Weight loss surgery at
Mercy AR Local Plan
• Cancer records review
• Kidney/ESRD
records review
• Mayo Clinic
transplant appeals
HealthSCOPE Benefits
Attn: Appeals Coordinator
27 Corporate Hill Drive
Little Rock, Arkansas 72205
Your third-party
administrator
• Family-building
treatment and services
See your plan ID card
PHARMACY
OptumRx OptumRx
Attn: Appeals Coordinator
P.O. Box 25184
Santa Ana, California 92799
DENTAL
Delta Dental of Arkansas Delta Dental of Arkansas
Appeals Committee
P.O. Box 15965
Little Rock, Arkansas 72231-5965
VISION
VSP VSP
Member Appeals
3333 Quality Drive
Rancho Cordova, California 95670
Claims and appeals
264
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
NOTE: Certain types of benefits offered
through the Centers of Excellence, including
transplants, spine surgery, and hip and knee
replacement, are subject to special appeal
procedures, as described later in this chapter. If
you are appealing a decision related to a benefit
offered through a Centers of Excellence
facility, please consult those procedures.
Your appeal will be conducted without regard to your initial
determination, by someone other than the party who
decided your initial claim. No deference will be afforded
to the initial determination, meaning the appeal will be
an independent determination regarding the claim. You
will have the opportunity to submit written comments,
documents or other information in support of your appeal.
You have the right to request copies, free of charge, of all
documents, records or other information relevant to your
claim. The TPA, on behalf of the Plan, will provide you with
any new or additional evidence or rationale considered
in connection with your claim sufficiently in advance of
the appeals determination date to give you a reasonable
opportunity to respond.
If your claim involves a medical judgment question, the
Plan will consult with an appropriately qualified health
care practitioner with training and experience in the field
of medicine involved. If a health care professional was
consulted for the initial determination, a different health
care professional will be consulted on appeal. Upon request,
the Plan will provide you with the identification of any
medical expert whose advice was obtained on behalf of the
Plan in connection with your appeal.
A final decision on appeal will be made within the time
periods specified in the chart that follows, depending on
the type of claim:
APPEAL PROCESS AND TIMING
Urgent claims You will be notified of the determination
as soon as possible, taking into account the
medical circumstances, but not later than
72 hours after receipt of the claim (36 hours
for each of two Aetna or Optum appeals).
Pre-service
claims
You will be notified of the determination
within a reasonable period of time, taking
into account the medical circumstances,
but no later than 30 days from the date
your request is received (15 days for each
of two Aetna or Optum appeals).
Post-service
claims
You will be notified of the determination
within a reasonable period of time, but
no later than 60 days from the date your
request is received (30 days for each of
two Aetna, Optum, or VSP appeals).
If your claim is denied on appeal, you will receive a denial
notice that includes:
• The specific reasons for the denial
• Reference to Plan provisions on which the denial was based
• A statement describing your right to request copies, free
of charge, of all documents, records, or other information
relevant to your claim
• A statement that you have the right to obtain, upon
request and free of charge, a copy of internal rules or
guidelines relied upon in making this determination
• If your denial is based on a medical necessity or similar
limitation, an explanation of this rule (or a statement that it
is available upon request)
• A description of any voluntary review procedures available,
and
• Notice regarding your right to bring legal action following
a denial on appeal.
For medical, pharmacy, and Centers of Excellence benefits,
the denial will also include:
• Information sufficient to identify the claim involved,
including the date of service, health care provider, and
claim amount (if applicable)
– Upon written request, the Plan will provide you with the
diagnosis and treatment codes (and their corresponding
meanings) associated with any denied claim or appeal.
• The denial code and its meaning
• A description of the Plan’s standard for denying the claim
• Information regarding available internal and external
appeals, including how to initiate an appeal, and
• The availability of any contact information for an applicable
office of health insurance consumer assistance or
ombudsman to assist you with the internal and external
appeals process.
Special appeal procedures for
Centers of Excellence
Benefits for transplants, spine surgery, hip and knee
replacement under the Centers of Excellence program, or
to waive the 12-month waiting period (where applicable)
are subject to special claim and appeal procedures. Those
special procedures are described below. Please review these
procedures carefully if you are filing an exception request
or appealing a claim denial related to one of these benefits.
TRANSPLANT BENEFITS: REQUESTING A
WAIVER OF THE 12-MONTH WAITING PERIOD
NOTE: As stated in the Centers of Excellence and When
limited benefits apply to the AMP sections of The medical
plan chapter, cornea and intestinal transplant services are
not covered under the Centers of Excellence program but 
Claims and appeals
265
may be covered services under otherwise applicable AMP
terms. For all transplant services (those covered under the
Centers of Excellence program and those covered under
otherwise applicable AMP terms), you must be enrolled in
the AMP for at least 12 months before being eligible for
benefits. With respect to the 12-month waiting period only,
the procedures for requesting a waiver of the waiting period
described in this section apply to all transplant services,
including cornea and intestinal, notwithstanding the fact
that cornea and intestinal transplant services are not
covered under the Centers of Excellence program.
If the treating physician certifies that, absent the transplant,
the individual’s death is imminent within 48 hours, the
otherwise applicable 12‑month waiting period for transplant
benefits may be waived. To request this waiver, you must file
a preauthorization request.
Send your request and supporting documentation to:
By email: ghappeal@wal-mart.com
By fax: 888-715-4154
By mail: Walmart Total Rewards Benefits
Attn: Internal Appeals
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
Your request will be treated as an urgent or pre‑service
claim. See the Appeal process and timing chart earlier in
this chapter for details on the time frames under which the
Plan Administrator will notify you of its determination in
response to your request.
TRANSPLANT SERVICES: REQUESTING
NETWORK EXCEPTION FOR COVERAGE
OUTSIDE THE CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE
PROGRAM
As described in The medical plan chapter, all eligible
transplant recipients under the Centers of Excellence
program must undergo a pre‑transplant evaluation at Mayo
Clinic. Mayo Clinic will make a recommendation regarding
transplant services at Mayo Clinic. You may request an
exception to have a transplant performed at a facility other
than a Mayo Clinic. If the exception is granted, the AMP
would pay for covered transplant services under otherwise
applicable terms. This section describes the procedures you
must follow to request an exception to have the AMP pay
for covered transplant services at a facility other than Mayo
Clinic under otherwise applicable terms.
Pre-service exception request to have transplant at a
facility other than Mayo Clinic
You may file a pre-service exception request (a “pre‑service”
claim) to receive a transplant at a facility other than Mayo
Clinic and have the AMP pay benefits for covered services
under otherwise applicable terms if there is significant risk
that travel to Mayo Clinic could result in death, or where
Mayo Clinic determines that it will not recommend and
perform a transplant because it is not an appropriate medical
course of treatment or you are not an appropriate candidate.
Send your written pre-service exception request to:
By email: ghappeal@wal-mart.com
By fax: 888-715-4154
By mail: Walmart Total Rewards Benefits
Attn: Internal Appeals
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
Your request will be considered by an Independent Review
Organization appointed by the Plan Administrator. The
Independent Review Organization will not include any
associate of Walmart, Mayo Clinic, or a TPA of the Plan. The
Independent Review Organization will review any relevant
medical files reviewed or generated by Mayo Clinic, as well
as any additional materials you submit, and will consider
various factors, including your condition, alternative
courses of treatment, scientific studies and evidence,
other medical professionals’ opinions, the investigational or
experimental nature of the proposed procedures, and the
potential benefit of the transplant.
If you are filing a pre-service exception request for
services at a facility other than Mayo Clinic because there
is significant risk that travel to Mayo Clinic could result in
death, you should file as soon as possible. If you are filing
a pre-service exception request because Mayo Clinic
has determined that the transplant is not an appropriate
medical course of treatment, your request must be received
by the Plan within 120 calendar days of Mayo Clinic’s initial
denial of transplant treatment.
If the request is urgent, the Independent Review
Organization will make its determination within 72 hours
after receipt of the request (otherwise, the Independent
Review Organization will make its determination within 15
days of receipt of the request). If the urgent pre-service
exception request is determined to be incomplete, you will
receive a notice within 24 hours of receipt of the request,
and you will have 48 hours to provide additional information.
For non‑urgent requests, the deadline to decide the
request may be extended 15 days, and the Independent
Review Organization will send a notice explaining the
extension, if one is necessary. If an extension is necessary
to request additional information, the extension notice will
describe the required information and you will be given at
least 45 days to submit the information. The Independent
Review Organization will make a determination within 15
days of the date the Independent Review Organization
receives your information, or, if earlier, the deadline to
submit your information.
Claims and appeals
266
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Internal appeal of denial of a pre-service exception
request to have transplant at a facility other than
Mayo Clinic
If your pre-service exception request is denied, you will
have 180 days to appeal the denial and request that an
Independent Review Organization conduct an internal
review of the denial. The denial notice will provide
information about how to request an appeal.
Or, you can send your appeal to:
By email: ghappeal@wal-mart.com
By fax: 888-715-4154
By mail: Walmart Total Rewards Benefits
Attn: Internal Appeals
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
The appeal will be decided by the Independent Review
Organization. The Independent Review Organization will not
include any associate of Walmart, Mayo Clinic, or a TPA of
the Plan. Your appeal will be conducted without regard to
the initial determination, by someone other than the party
who decided your initial pre-service exception request.
No deference will be afforded to the initial determination,
meaning the appeal will be an independent determination
regarding the initial request. You will have the opportunity
to submit written comments, documents or other
information in support of your appeal. You have the right to
request copies, free of charge, of all documents, records or
other information relevant to your request.
The Independent Review Organization will decide a request
for an urgent appeal within 72 hours and a non‑urgent
appeal within 30 days after receipt.
If your internal appeal is denied, you then may appeal under
the external appeal process described later in this chapter if
the denial was based on medical judgment.
Cornea and intestinal transplants will be decided under the
regular medical claims and appeals procedures outlined
earlier in this chapter.
See Deadlines to file a claim or bring legal action earlier in
this chapter regarding the deadline to bring legal action.
SPINE SURGERY AND HIP AND KNEE
REPLACEMENT: REQUESTING NETWORK
EXCEPTION FOR COVERAGE OUTSIDE THE
CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE PROGRAM
As described in The medical plan chapter, spine surgery and
hip and knee replacements that are eligible to be performed
at a Centers of Excellence facility must be preauthorized by
the administrator of the program and performed at a Centers
of Excellence facility in order for covered services to be paid
under the Centers of Excellence benefit. You may request
an exception to have a procedure performed at a facility
other than a Centers of Excellence facility. If the exception
is granted, the AMP would pay for covered services under
otherwise applicable terms. This section describes the
procedures to request an exception to have the AMP pay for
covered services performed at a facility other than a Centers
of Excellence facility under otherwise applicable terms.
Pre-service exception request to receive services
from a non-Centers of Excellence facility
You may file a pre-service exception request (a “pre‑service”
claim) for the AMP to pay benefits for covered services
received from a non‑Centers of Excellence facility under
otherwise applicable terms if there is significant risk that
travel could result in paralysis or death, or where a Centers
of Excellence facility determines that the procedure is not
the appropriate medical course of treatment or that you are
not an appropriate candidate for surgery.
Send your written request for a pre‑service exception
request for spine surgery or hip or knee replacement to:
Centers of Excellence: Walmart
Attn: Appeals Coordinator
300 Executive Pkwy Ste 100
Hudson, Ohio 44236
Your pre‑service exception requests will be considered
by Contigo Health, the administrator of the Centers of
Excellence for spine surgery and hip and knee replacement.
Contigo Health will utilize an Independent Review
Organization which will not include any associate of Walmart,
the Centers of Excellence facility for spine surgery or hip
or knee replacement, or a TPA of the Plan. The Independent
Review Organization will review any relevant medical files that
were reviewed or generated by the Centers of Excellence
facility, as well as any additional materials you submit, and will
consider various factors, including your condition, alternative
courses of treatment, scientific studies and evidence,
other medical professionals’ opinions, the investigational or
experimental nature of the proposed procedures, and the
potential benefit the surgical procedure would have.
If you are filing a pre‑service exception request for services
at a non‑Centers of Excellence facility because there
is significant risk that travel could result in paralysis or
death, you should file as soon as possible. If you are filing
a pre‑service exception request because a Centers of
Excellence facility determined that the surgery is not an
appropriate medical course of treatment, your claim must
be received by the Plan within 120 calendar days of the initial
denial by the Centers of Excellence facility.
If the pre‑service exception request is urgent, the
Independent Review Organization designated by Contigo
Health will make its determination within 72 hours after
receipt of the request (otherwise, the Independent Review 
Claims and appeals
267
Organization will make its determination within 15 days of
receipt of the request). If the urgent pre-service exception
request is determined to be incomplete, you will receive a
notice within 24 hours of receipt of the request, and you will
have 48 hours to provide additional information.
For non‑urgent requests, the deadline to decide the request
may be extended 15 days, and Contigo Health will send a
notice explaining the extension, if one is necessary. If an
extension is necessary to request additional information,
the extension notice will describe the required information
and you will be given at least 45 days to submit the
information. The Independent Review Organization will
make a determination within 15 days from the date Contigo
Health receives your information, or, if earlier, the deadline
to submit your information.
Post-service exception request to receive services
from a non-Centers of Excellence facility
If you have already received surgical treatment because
your circumstances called for immediate surgery, without
which you would likely have suffered paralysis or loss of life,
you may request that the AMP pay benefits for covered
services received from a non‑Centers of Excellence facility
under otherwise applicable terms (a “post‑service” claim).
Send your written request for a post‑service exception
request for spine surgery or hip or knee replacement to:
By email: ghappeal@wal-mart.com
By fax: 888-715-4154
By mail: Walmart Total Rewards Benefits
Attn: Internal Appeals
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
Your post‑service exception request will be considered by
an Independent Review Organization appointed by the Plan
Administrator. The Independent Review Organization will not
include any associate of Walmart, the Centers of Excellence
facility for spine surgery or hip or knee replacement, or
a TPA of the Plan. The Independent Review Organization
will review any relevant medical files that were reviewed or
generated by the Centers of Excellence facility, as well as
any additional materials you submit, and will consider various
factors, including your condition, alternative courses of
treatment, scientific studies and evidence, other medical
professionals’ opinions, the investigational or experimental
nature of the proposed procedures, and the potential
benefit the surgical procedure would have.
You must file your exception request within 120 calendar
days of the date of service.
If you file a post‑service exception request, the Independent
Review Organization will make its determination within 30
days of receipt of the post‑service request. The deadline
to decide the request may be extended 15 days, and the
Independent Review Organization will send a notice
explaining the extension, if one is necessary. If an extension
is necessary to request additional information, the extension
notice will describe the required information and you will
be given at least 45 days to submit the information. The
Independent Review Organization will make a determination
within 15 days from the date the Independent Review
Organization receives your information, or, if earlier, the
deadline to submit your information.
Internal appeal of denial of a pre-service or
post-service exception request to receive services
from a non-Centers of Excellence facility
If your request is denied (whether it is a pre‑service claim
considered by Contigo Health or a post‑service claim
considered by an Independent Review Organization),
you will have 180 days to appeal the denial and request
that an Independent Review Organization conduct an
internal review of the denial. The denial notice will provide
information about how to request an appeal.
Or, you can send your appeal to:
By email: ghappeal@wal-mart.com
By fax: 888-715-4154
By mail: Walmart Total Rewards Benefits
Attn: Internal Appeals
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
The appeal will be decided by the Independent Review
Organization. The Independent Review Organization will not
include any associate of Walmart, the Centers of Excellence
facility for spine surgery or hip or knee replacement or
a TPA of the Plan. Your appeal will be conducted without
regard to the initial determination, by someone other than
the party who decided your initial exception request. No
deference will be afforded to the initial determination,
meaning the appeal will be an independent determination
regarding the initial request. You will have the opportunity
to submit written comments, documents or other
information in support of your appeal. You have the right to
request copies, free of charge, of all documents, records or
other information relevant to your request.
The Independent Review Organization will decide a request
for an urgent appeal of a pre‑service exception request
within 72 hours after receipt, a non‑urgent appeal of a
pre‑service exception request within 30 days after receipt,
and an appeal of a post‑service exception request within 60
days of receipt.
If your internal appeal is denied, you then may appeal under
the external appeal process described later in this chapter if
the denial was based on medical judgment.
See Deadlines to file a claim or bring legal action earlier in
this chapter regarding the deadline to bring legal action.
Claims and appeals
268
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Voluntary review
In situations described below, you may request a voluntary
review of an appeal that has been denied. Voluntary review is
optional. You are not required to request a voluntary review to
be treated as exhausting your administrative remedies.
REQUESTING A VOLUNTARY REVIEW
OF A DENIED APPEAL: ENROLLMENT OR
ELIGIBILITY STATUS DETERMINATIONS
(INCLUDING COBRA)
If you have additional information that was not in your
appeal, you may ask for a voluntary review of the decision
on your appeal within 180 days of the date on the appeal
denial letter. The same criteria and response times that
applied to your appeal are generally applied to this
voluntary level of review.
Send a written request for a voluntary appeal for enrollment
or eligibility status to:
Walmart Total Rewards Benefits
Attn: Voluntary Appeals
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
Or fax to 888-715-4154
See Deadlines to file a claim or bring legal action earlier in
this chapter regarding the deadline to bring legal action.
REQUESTING A VOLUNTARY REVIEW OF
AN APPEAL DENIED FOR ADMINISTRATIVE
REASONS: MEDICAL, DENTAL, AND
VISION APPEALS
You may request a voluntary review of the decision on your
appeal of a denied medical, dental, or vision benefit claim if
your appeal was denied for an administrative reason, such as
if you exceeded the number of allowed visits, rather than for
a medical judgment reason. You must file your request within
180 days of the date on the appeal denial letter. The same
criteria and response times that applied to your appeal are
generally applied to this voluntary level of review.
Send a written request for a voluntary appeal for
administrative denial to:
Walmart Total Rewards Benefits
Attn: Voluntary Appeals
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
Or fax to 888-715-4154
External appeal process
for medical, pharmacy, or
Centers of Excellence benefits
If your internal appeal for medical, pharmacy, or Centers
of Excellence benefits under the Plan is denied based
on medical judgment or based on a determination that
the claim is not subject to surprise billing protections,
you may have the right to further appeal your claim in an
independent external review process. The denial notice will
contain information on the external appeal process.
Your external appeal will be conducted by an Independent
Review Organization not affiliated with the Plan. If this
Independent Review Organization overturns the Plan’s
decision, the Independent Review Organization’s decision
will be binding on the Plan and will be implemented
immediately, although the Plan may seek further review
by a court in appropriate cases. Your internal appeal
denial notice will include information about your right
to file a request for an external review as well as contact
information. You must file your request for external review
within four months of receiving your final internal appeal
determination. Filing a request for external review will not
affect your ability to bring a legal claim in court. When
filing a request for external review, you will be required
to authorize the release of any medical records that may
be required to be reviewed for the purpose of reaching a
decision on the external review.
Send a written request for an external medical appeal
(including an exception request related to Centers of
Excellence benefits) to:
Walmart Total Rewards Benefits
Attn: External Appeals
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
800-421-1362
Or fax to 888-715-4154
Send a written request for an external pharmacy appeal to:
OptumRx
Attn: Appeals Coordinator
P.O. Box 25184
Santa Ana, California 92799
Claims and appeals
269
Other rights related to medical,
pharmacy, Centers of Excellence,
dental, vision, and short-term
disability benefits
THE PLAN’S RIGHT TO REQUEST
MEDICAL RECORDS
The Plan has the right to request medical records for any
covered individual.
THE PLAN’S RIGHT TO RECOVER OVERPAYMENT
Payments are made in accordance with the provisions of
the Plan. If it is determined that payment was made for
an ineligible charge or that another plan or insurance was
considered primary or that any other circumstances have
occurred that resulted in the Plan paying greater benefits
than permitted or required under the Plan terms, the Plan
has the right to recover the overpayment. The Plan (or the
third-party administrator or other service provider acting on
behalf of the Plan) will try to collect the overpayment from
the party to whom the payment was made. However, the
Plan reserves the right to seek recovery of an overpayment
from any participant, beneficiary, or dependent. In addition,
the Plan has the right to engage an outside collection agency
to recover overpayments on the Plan’s behalf if the Plan’s
collection effort is not successful. The Plan may also bring a
lawsuit to enforce its rights to recover overpayments.
If an overpayment is made to a provider, the Plan (or any
third-party administrator acting on behalf of the Plan)
may reduce, offset, or deny benefits, in the amount of the
overpayment, for otherwise covered services for current or
future claims with the provider on behalf of any participant,
beneficiary, or dependent in the Plan. If a provider to whom
an overpayment was made has patients who are participants in
other health and welfare plans administered by the third-party
administrator, the third-party administrator may reduce or
offset payments otherwise owed to the provider from such
other health plans by the amount of the overpayment.
YOUR RIGHT TO RECOVER OVERPAYMENT
If you overpay your contributions or premiums for any
coverage under the Plan (except COBRA), the Plan will
refund excess contributions or premiums to you upon
request. In this circumstance, any refunds you receive may
be offset by any benefits paid during this period by the Plan
if you or a dependent was not eligible for such coverage.
If you overpay your premiums for COBRA coverage under
the Plan, a request for refund of those excess premiums
should be made to the Plan’s COBRA administrator.
THE PLAN’S RIGHT TO AUDIT
The Plan has the right to audit your claims, including claims
of medical providers. The Plan (or the applicable third-party
administrator) may reduce or deny benefits for otherwise
covered services for all current or future claims with the
provider made on your behalf or a participant in any other
health and welfare plan administered by the third-party
administrator based on the results of an audit. The Plan may
also reduce or deny benefits for otherwise covered services
for all current or future claims you file.
THE PLAN’S RIGHT TO
SALARY/WAGE DEDUCTION
To the extent that the Plan may recover from you or your
dependents all or part of benefits previously paid, such as
for benefits that are overpaid or for which you were not
entitled under the Plan terms, you shall be deemed, by
virtue of your enrollment in the Plan, to have agreed that
the company may deduct such amounts from your wages,
salary, or other compensation or benefits, and pay the
same to the Plan until recovery is complete. If you enroll
for coverage under the Plan, you are deemed to have
consented to the applicable payroll deductions for such
coverage. In addition, if you fail to affirmatively enroll or
reenroll during Annual Enrollment, you are deemed to
have consented to the automatic reenrollment described
in the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter,
including the applicable payroll deductions.
The Plan’s subrogation and
reimbursement rights
If you or a covered dependent (a covered person) is injured
or otherwise harmed due to the conduct of another party
and the Plan pays benefits as a result of such injury or harm,
the Plan Administrator has the right to recover payments
it makes on the covered person’s behalf from the covered
person or any party responsible for compensating the
covered person for their illnesses or injuries. The legal term
for this right of recovery is “subrogation.” The Plan shall have
a first-priority lien against any amounts the covered person
recovers from another responsible party or insurer for the
full amount of the benefits that are paid to or for the benefit
of the covered person as a result of the third-party injury or
harm, and the Plan shall have a right to offset such benefit
amounts against future benefits due under the Plan.
Claims and appeals
270
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The Plan has the right to do any of the following to enforce
its lien and right of reimbursement and recovery:
• Reduce or deny benefits otherwise payable by the Plan, and
• Recover or subrogate 100% of the benefits paid or to be
paid by the Plan for covered persons, to the extent of any
and all of the following payments:
– Any judgment, settlement, or payment made or to be
made because of an accident or malpractice (except
for malpractice that results in paraplegia/quadriplegia,
severe burns, total and permanent physical or mental
disability, or death), regardless of how such judgment,
settlement, or payment is characterized, including
payments by any other insurance, whether providing
third-party coverage or first-party coverage
– Any auto or recreational vehicle insurance coverage
or benefits, including uninsured/underinsured
motorist coverage
– Business medical and/or liability insurance coverage or
payments, and
– Attorney fees.
The Plan’s lien exists at the time the Plan pays any benefits
to or for the benefit of a covered person. If a covered
person files a petition for bankruptcy, the covered person
agrees that the Plan’s lien existed prior to the creation of
the bankruptcy estate.
Also note that:
• “Covered person” means any participant (as defined by
ERISA) or dependent of a participant who is entitled to
benefits under the Plan
• The Plan has first priority with respect to its right to
reduction, reimbursement, and subrogation
• The Plan has the right to recover interest on the amount
paid by the Plan because of the accident
• The Plan has the right to 100% reimbursement in a
lump sum
• The Plan is not subject to any state laws or equitable
doctrine, including the common fund doctrine, which
would purport to require the Plan to reduce its recovery by
any portion of a covered person’s attorney’s fees and costs
• The Plan is not responsible for the covered person’s
attorney’s fees, expenses, or costs
• The right of reduction, reimbursement, and subrogation
is based on the Plan language in effect at the time of
judgment, payment, or settlement
• The Plan’s right to reduction, reimbursement, and
subrogation applies to any funds recovered from another
party, by or on behalf of the estate of any covered
person, and
• The Plan’s right to first priority shall not be reduced due to
the covered person’s own negligence.
The Plan will not pursue reduction, reimbursement, or
subrogation where the injury or illness that is the basis of
the covered person’s recovery from any party results in:
• Paraplegia or quadriplegia
• Severe burns
• Total and permanent physical or mental disability, or
• Death.
The Plan Administrator has the authority, in its sole
discretion, to determine to limit or not pursue the Plan’s
rights to reduction, reimbursement, or subrogation. For
more information, contact the Plan Administrator.
Whether a covered person has a “total and permanent
physical or mental disability” will be determined based on
criteria developed and applied by the Plan Administrator
in its sole discretion. One way of demonstrating total and
permanent physical or mental disability is for a covered
person to show that the covered person has qualified
for Social Security disability income benefits. The Plan
Administrator will consider claims for physical and mental
disability, even if the covered person does not qualify for
Social Security disability income benefits, under criteria
developed by the Plan Administrator.
Even in circumstances where the Plan is not prohibited from
seeking reduction, reimbursement, or subrogation based
on the exceptions described previously, the Plan’s right to
reduction, reimbursement, or subrogation will be limited to
no more than 50% of the total amount recovered by or on
behalf of the covered person from any party (which shall
not be reduced for the covered person’s attorney’s fees
or costs). The Plan requires all covered persons and their
representatives to cooperate to guarantee reimbursement
to the Plan from third-party benefits. Failure to comply will
entitle the Plan to withhold benefits due to you under the
Plan. A covered person and their representatives must not
do anything to hinder reimbursement of overpayment to
the Plan after benefits have been accepted by the covered
person or their representatives.
The Plan’s rights to reduction, reimbursement, and
subrogation apply regardless of any allocation or designation
of the applicable settlement or award (e.g., pain and suffering
or medical benefits) and regardless of the specific claims
or causes of action being settled or adjudicated. The Plan’s
rights apply regardless of whether the covered person has
been made whole or fully compensated for the covered
person’s injuries and without regard to any state law or
equitable doctrine, such as the make whole doctrine, that
would limit the Plan’s right of recovery based whether the
covered person has been made whole, it being intended that
the Plan’s right of recovery is a right to first dollar recovery.
Additionally, the Plan has the right to file suit on the covered
person’s behalf for the condition related to the medical
expenses to recover benefits paid or to be paid by the Plan.
Claims and appeals
271
To aid the Plan in its enforcement of its right of reduction,
recovery, reimbursement, and subrogation, a covered
person or their designated representative must, at the
Plan’s request and at its discretion:
• Take actions necessary to enable the Plan to exercise its
rights of recovery
• Give information, or
• Provide the Plan with any requested information related to
the claim involved, including information with respect to
other insurance, judgments, payments, or settlements.
Failure to aid the Plan and to comply with such requests
may result in the Plan’s withholding or recovering benefits,
services, payments, or credits due or paid under the Plan.
Claims for benefits and right to
appeal reduction, reimbursement,
and subrogation decisions
The Plan’s decision to seek reduction, reimbursement, or
subrogation is a determination of benefits under the Plan and
may be appealed in accordance with the procedures below.
For purposes of the claims procedures specified below,
a “claim for benefits” means a request by a participant,
beneficiary, or dependent (“claimant”) to have the
benefits provided under the Plan not reduced through the
application of the Plan’s right to reduction, reimbursement,
or subrogation.
INITIAL CLAIM FOR BENEFITS
If a claimant receives a notice that benefits are subject to
reduction, reimbursement, or subrogation and the claimant
believes that the case falls within one of the exceptions or
limitations to the Plan’s right to reduction, reimbursement,
or subrogation, the claimant may file a claim for benefits
with the Plan.
A claimant may also designate an authorized representative
to submit claims for benefits or appeals on their behalf.
For an initial claim for benefits to be considered, it must:
• Be in writing
• Be sent to the correct address
• Be submitted within 12 months of the date of the notice
that a benefit is subject to reduction, reimbursement, or
subrogation
• Identify the exception or limitation to the Plan’s right
to reduction, reimbursement, or subrogation that the
claimant believes applies to the case, and
• Include documentation that will assist the Plan in
making its decision (e.g., medical and hospital records,
physician letters).
Send a written request for review of the initial claim for
benefits to:
Walmart Total Rewards Benefits
Attn: Subrogation Review
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
Within a reasonable time, but no later than 30 days after the
initial claim for benefits is made, the Plan will provide written
notice of its decision. If the claim for benefits is partially or
fully denied, the notice will include the following information:
• The specific reasons for the denial
• Reference to provisions of the Plan on which the denial
was based
• A description of any additional material or information
necessary to perfect your claim for benefits and an
explanation of why such material or information is necessary
• A statement that the claimant has the right to obtain, upon
request and free of charge, a copy of internal rules or
guidelines relied upon in making the Plan’s determination
• A description of the Plan’s appeal procedures and the time
limits for appeal, and
• Notice regarding the claimant’s right to bring a court
action following a denial on appeal.
The 30-day period may be extended for 15 days if it is
determined that an extension is necessary due to matters
beyond the Plan’s control. The Plan will notify the claimant
prior to the end of the 30-day period if an extension or
additional information is required. If asked to provide
additional information, the claimant will have 45 days from
the date notified to provide the information. The time to
make a determination will be suspended until the claimant
provides the requested information (or the deadline to
provide the information, if earlier).
RIGHT TO APPEAL A CLAIM DENIAL
If a claim related to a reduction, reimbursement, or
subrogation decision is fully or partially denied, the claimant
may request an appeal of the decision. For the appeal to be
considered, it must:
• Be in writing
• Be sent to the correct address
• Be submitted within 180 days of the date of the initial
denial, and
• Contain any additional information/documentation the
claimant would like considered.
Send a written request for an appeal to:
Walmart Total Rewards Benefits
Attn: Internal Appeals
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
Or fax to 888-715-4154
Claims and appeals
272
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The appeal will be conducted without regard to the initial
determination by someone other than the party who
decided the initial claim for benefits. The claimant has the
right to request copies, free of charge, of all documents,
records, or other information relevant to the claimant’s
claim for benefits. The claimant also has the right to
submit written comments, documents, records, and other
information, which the Plan will take into account in making
its decision on appeal. In deciding any claim for benefits that
is based in whole or in part on a medical judgment, the Plan’s
claims fiduciary will consult with a health care professional
who has appropriate training and experience in the field of
medicine involved in the medical judgment. The health care
professional will be an individual who is neither an individual
who was consulted in connection with the Plan’s decision
on the initial claim for benefits, nor the subordinate of
the health care professional. If the advice of a health care
professional is obtained in deciding an appeal, the name of
the health care professional will be provided to the claimant
upon request, regardless of whether the Plan relied on the
advice. The Plan must provide the claimant written notice
of the Plan’s decision on review within 60 days following the
Plan’s receipt of your appeal.
If the claim for benefits is denied on appeal, the Plan will
provide a denial notice that includes:
• The specific reason(s) for the denial
• Specific reference to provisions of the Plan on which the
denial was based
• A statement describing the claimant’s right to request
copies, free of charge, of all documents, records, or other
information relevant to the claim for benefits
• A statement that the claimant has the right to obtain, upon
request and free of charge, a copy of internal rules or
guidelines relied upon in making this determination
• A description of available voluntary review procedures,
if any, and
• Notice regarding the claimant’s right to bring a court
action following a denial on appeal.
A CLAIM FOR BENEFITS IS THE EXCLUSIVE WAY
TO SEEK AN EXCEPTION TO THE PLAN’S RIGHT
OF REDUCTION AND RECOVERY
The only method by which a claimant can request the Plan
not to reduce benefits using the Plan’s rights of reduction
and recovery is to file a claim for benefits, following the
process described above. A claimant must complete the
required claims and appeals process described in these
claims procedures before bringing any legal action. A
claimant may not file a lawsuit for benefits if the initial
claim for benefits or appeal is not made within the time
periods set forth in these claims procedures. A claimant
must file any lawsuit for benefits within 180 days after the
decision on appeal. You may not file suit after that 180-day
period expires.
HMO plan options’ claims
and appeals procedures
In some locations, Walmart offers health insurance coverage
through a health maintenance organization (HMO) as
part of the Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan. If you
participate in an HMO, the HMO will provide a benefit
booklet that, together with this document, will serve as the
Summary Plan Description for the HMO coverage and will
describe its claims and appeals procedures. Contact your
HMO for additional information.
PPO Plan option’s claims
and appeals procedures
In some locations, Walmart offers the PPO Plan as part of
the Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan. If you participate
in the PPO Plan, Aetna, the PPO Plan option’s third-party
administrator, will provide a booklet that, together with this
document, will serve as the Summary Plan Description for
the PPO Plan coverage and describe its claims and appeals
procedures. Contact Aetna for additional information.
Accident and critical illness
insurance claims process
Accident and critical illness insurance claims must
be submitted within 60 days after the occurrence or
commencement of any covered accident or critical illness,
or as soon as reasonably possible, to:
Allstate Benefits
Walmart Claims Unit
P.O. Box 41488
Jacksonville, Florida 32203-1488
You may also provide notice of claim as follows:
Online: allstatebenefits.com/mybenefits
By phone: 800-514-9525
By fax: 877-423-8804
Be sure to provide the following information for the
covered person:
• Name
• Walmart identification number (WIN), and
• Date the covered illness or accident occurred or
commenced.
You may request a claim form from Allstate Benefits or
visit One.Walmart.com or AllstateBenefits.com/Walmart
to obtain a copy. If you do not receive a claim form within
15 days of your request, you may send a notice of the claim
to Allstate Benefits by providing Allstate Benefits with a
statement of the nature and extent of the loss.
Allstate Benefits has the right to recover any overpayments
due to fraud or an error they make in processing a claim.
You or your beneficiary will be required to reimburse 
Claims and appeals
273
Allstate Benefits in full. Allstate Benefits will work with
you or your beneficiary to develop a reasonable method of
repayment if you or your beneficiary is financially unable to
repay Allstate Benefits in a lump sum.
ACCIDENT INSURANCE
When you submit a claim to Allstate Benefits, the claim
determination will be made within a reasonable time period,
but no later than 90 days after Allstate Benefits receives
the claim. If Allstate Benefits determines that an extension
is necessary due to special circumstances, this time may be
extended an additional 90 days. In that case, you will receive
written notice of the extension before the end of the
30‑day period indicating the circumstances requiring the
extension and the date by which Allstate Benefits expects
to render a determination.
If your claim is denied, you will receive a denial notice that
will consist of a written explanation, which will include:
• The specific reasons for the denial
• Reference to specific Plan provisions on which the denial
was based
• A description of additional material or information, if any,
needed to perfect the claim and the reasons such material
or information is necessary, and
• Information about the claims review procedures and the
time limits for appeal, including a statement that you have
a right to file a lawsuit following a denial on appeal.
Written proof must be given to Allstate Benefits within
90 days of the covered accident. If it is not possible to
provide written proof within that time period, Allstate will
not reduce or deny any claim for this reason, as long as the
proof is filed as soon as reasonably possible. In any event,
the proof required must be given to Allstate Benefits no
later than 15 months from the time specified, unless the
covered person is legally incapacitated.
Your beneficiary must reasonably cooperate during any
investigation and/or determination of a claim. This includes
the authorization for the release of medical records and
other information.
Allstate Benefits has the right, at their own expense, to
have any covered person examined by a physician of their
choosing, as often as may be reasonably required while a
claim is pending. Allstate Benefits may also have an autopsy
performed while a claim is pending, where permitted by law.
APPEALING AN ACCIDENT INSURANCE CLAIM
THAT HAS BEEN FULLY OR PARTIALLY DENIED
You may appeal any denial of a claim for benefits by filing a
written request with:
Allstate Benefits
P.O. Box 41488
Jacksonville, Florida 32203-1488
Your appeal must be filed within 60 days of receipt of the
written notice of denial of a claim. You may also submit with
your appeal any comments, documents, records, and issues
that you believe support your claim, even if you have not
previously submitted such documentation. You may request,
free of charge, all documents that are relevant (as defined
by ERISA) to your claim. You may have representation
throughout the review procedure.
A final decision on appeal will be made within a reasonable
period of time, but no later than 60 days after receipt of
your written appeal. If Allstate Benefits determines that an
extension is necessary due to special circumstances, this
time may be extended an additional 60 days. In that case,
you will receive written notice of the extension before the
end of the 60‑day period indicating the circumstances
requiring the extension and the date by which Allstate
Benefits expects to render a determination.
If your appeal is denied, you will receive a written notice of
the denial that will include:
• The specific reasons for the denial
• Reference to specific Plan provisions on which the denial
was based
• A statement that you have the right to receive, upon
request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and
copies of, all documents, records, and other information
relevant to the claim for benefits
• A description of any voluntary review procedures offered
by the Plan and your right to obtain information about such
procedures, and
• A statement regarding your right to bring an action under
section 502(a) of ERISA.
If your claim is denied, you have the right to bring action in
federal court in accordance with ERISA Section 502(a), but
only after you have followed the Plan’s claims and appeals
procedures. See Deadlines to file a claim or bring legal
action earlier in this chapter regarding the deadline to bring
legal action.
CRITICAL ILLNESS INSURANCE
When you submit a claim to Allstate Benefits, the claim
determination will be made within a reasonable time period,
but no later than 30 days after Allstate Benefits receives
the claim. If Allstate Benefits determines that an extension
is necessary due to matters beyond their control, this time
may be extended an additional 15 days. In that case, you will
receive written notice of the extension before the end of
the 30‑day period indicating the circumstances requiring
the extension and the date by which Allstate Benefits
expects to render a determination. If the extension is
necessary to request additional information, the extension
notice will describe the required information and you will
be given at least 45 days to submit the information. Allstate 
Claims and appeals
274
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Benefits will then make their determination within 15 days
from the date they receive the information, or, if earlier, the
deadline to submit the information.
If your claim is denied, your denial will consist of a written
explanation, which will include:
• The specific reasons for the denial
• Reference to specific Plan provisions on which the denial
was based
• A description of additional material or information, if any,
needed to perfect the claim and the reasons such material
or information is necessary
• A description of the claims review procedures and the time
limits applicable to such procedures, including a statement
of your right to bring a civil action under section 502(a) of
ERISA following a denial of your claim on review;
• A disclosure of any internal rule, guideline, or protocol
relied on in denying the claim or a statement that you have
the right to obtain, upon request and free of charge, such
information, and
• If your denial is based on medical necessity or experimental
treatment or similar limitations, an explanation of the
scientific or clinical judgment for the determination or a
statement that you have the right to obtain, upon request
and free of charge, such information.
Written proof must be given to Allstate Benefits within 90
days of each covered critical illness. If it is not possible to
provide written proof within that time period, Allstate will
not reduce or deny any claim for this reason, as long as the
proof is filed as soon as reasonably possible. In any event,
the proof required must be given to Allstate Benefits no
later than 15 months from the time specified, unless the
covered person is legally incapacitated.
Your beneficiary must reasonably cooperate during any
investigation and/or determination of a claim. This includes
the authorization for the release of medical records and
other information.
Allstate Benefits has the right, at their own expense, to
have any covered person examined by a physician of their
choosing, as often as may be reasonably required while a
claim is pending. Allstate Benefits may also have an autopsy
performed while a claim is pending, where permitted by law.
APPEALING A CRITICAL ILLNESS INSURANCE
CLAIM THAT HAS BEEN FULLY OR
PARTIALLY DENIED
You may appeal any denial of a claim for critical illness
benefits by filing a written request with:
Allstate Benefits
Walmart Claims Unit
P.O. Box 41488
Jacksonville, Florida 32203-1488
Attention: Appeals
Your appeal must be filed within 180 days of receipt of the
written notice of denial of a claim. You may also submit
with your appeal any comments, documents, records, and
issues that you believe support your claim, even if you have
not previously submitted such documentation. You may
request, free of charge, all documents that are relevant
(as defined by ERISA) to your claim. The appeal will be
conducted by a person different from the person who made
the initial decision. No deference will be given to the initial
determination. You may have representation throughout the
review procedure.
If the claim involves a medical judgment question, Allstate
Benefits will consult with an appropriately qualified health
care practitioner with training and experience in the field
of medicine involved. If a health care professional was
consulted for the initial determination, a different health
care professional will be consulted on appeal. Upon request,
Allstate Benefits will provide you with the identification
of any medical expert whose advice was obtained in
connection with the appeal.
A final decision on appeal will be made within a reasonable
period of time, but no later than 60 days after receipt of
your written appeal.
If your appeal is denied, you will receive a written notice of
the denial that will include:
• The specific reasons for the denial
• Reference to specific Plan provisions on which the denial
was based
• A statement that you have the right to receive, upon
request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and
copies of, all documents, records, and other information
relevant to the claim for benefits
• A description of any voluntary review procedures offered
by the Plan and your right to obtain information about such
procedures
• A disclosure of any internal rule, guideline, or protocol
relied on in denying the claim or a statement that you have
the right to obtain, upon request and free of charge, such
information
• If your denial is based on medical necessity or experimental
treatment or similar limitations, an explanation of the
scientific or clinical judgment for the determination or a
statement that you have the right to obtain, upon request
and free of charge, such information, and
• A statement regarding your right to bring an action under
section 502(a) of ERISA.
If your claim is denied, you have the right to bring action in
federal court in accordance with ERISA Section 502(a), but
only after you have followed the Plan’s claims and appeals
procedures. See Deadlines to file a claim or bring legal
action earlier in this chapter regarding the deadline to bring
legal action.
Claims and appeals
275
Company-paid life insurance,
optional associate and dependent
life insurance, business travel
accident insurance, and AD&D
claims process
Claims for company‑paid life, optional associate and
dependent life, business travel accident, and AD&D
insurance can be initiated by calling Prudential at
877-740-2116. See the applicable chapter for information
that must be provided to Prudential when filing a claim.
Claims for benefits insured by Prudential may also be
submitted by sending the claim to:
The Prudential Insurance Company of America
Group Life Claim Division
P.O. Box 8517
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19176
Claims for benefits under life insurance coverage must be
filed within 90 days after the date of loss.
Claims for benefits under business travel accident insurance
coverage must be filed within 365 days after the date of loss.
Claims for benefits under accidental death and
dismemberment insurance coverage must be filed within
90 days after the date of loss.
LIFE, BUSINESS TRAVEL ACCIDENT,
OR ACCIDENTAL DEATH AND
DISMEMBERMENT INSURANCE
When you submit a life insurance claim to Prudential, a
claim determination will be made within 45 days. This
period may be extended for an additional 30 days if an
extension if necessary due to matters beyond the control
of Prudential. A written notice of the extension, the reason
for the extension, and the date by which Prudential expects
to decide on your claim, will be furnished to you within the
initial 45-day period if an additional extension of time is
needed. This period may be extended for an additional 30
days beyond the original 30-day extension if necessary
due to matters beyond the control of Prudential. A written
notice of the additional extension, the reason for the
additional extension, and the date by which Prudential
expects to decide the claim will be furnished to you within
the first 30-day extension period if an additional extension
of time is needed. However, if a period of time is extended
due to your failure to submit information necessary
to decide the claim, the period for making the benefit
determination by Prudential will be tolled (i.e., suspended)
from the date on which the notification of the extension
is sent to you until the date on which you respond to the
request for additional information.
If your claim for benefits is denied, in whole or in part, you
or your authorized representative will receive a written
notice from Prudential of your denial. The notice will be
written in a manner calculated to be understood by you and
shall include:
• The specific reason(s) for the denial
• Reference to the specific plan provisions on which the
benefit determination was based
• A description of any additional material or information
necessary for you to perfect a claim and an explanation of
why such information is necessary
• A description of Prudential’s appeals procedures and
applicable time limits, and
• If an adverse benefit determination is based on a medical
necessity or experimental treatment or similar exclusion
or limit, an explanation of the scientific or clinical
judgment for the determination will be provided free of
charge upon request.
APPEALING A LIFE, BUSINESS TRAVEL
ACCIDENT, OR ACCIDENTAL DEATH AND
DISMEMBERMENT INSURANCE CLAIM THAT
HAS BEEN FULLY OR PARTIALLY DENIED
You may appeal any denial of a claim for benefits by filing a
written request with:
The Prudential Insurance Company of America
Group Life Claim Division
P.O. Box 8517
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19176
If your claim for benefits is denied or if you do not receive
a response to your claim within the appropriate time frame
(in which case the claim for benefits is deemed to have
been denied), you or your representative may appeal your
denied claim in writing to Prudential within 180 days of the
receipt of the written notice of denial or 180 days from the
date such claim is deemed denied. You may submit with
your appeal any written comments, documents, records
and any other information relating to your claim. Upon your
request, you will also have access to, and the right to obtain
copies of, all documents, records and information relevant
to your claim free of charge.
A full review of the information in the claim file and any
new information submitted to support the appeal will be
conducted by Prudential, utilizing individuals not involved in
the initial benefit determination. This review will not afford
any deference to the initial benefit determination.
Prudential will make a determination on your claim appeal
within 45 days of the receipt of your appeal request. This
period may be extended by up to an additional 45 days if
Prudential determines that special circumstances require
an extension of time. A written notice of the extension, 
Claims and appeals
276
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
the reason for the extension, and the date that Prudential
expects to render a decision shall be furnished to you
within the initial 45-day period. However, if the period of
time is extended due to your failure to submit information
necessary to decide the appeal, the period for making the
benefit determination will be tolled (i.e., suspended) from
the date on which the notification of the extension is sent
to you until the date on which you respond to the request
for additional information.
If the claim on appeal is denied in whole or in part, you will
receive a written notification from Prudential of the denial.
The notice will be written in a manner calculated to be
understood by the applicant and shall include:
• The specific reason(s) for the adverse determination
• Reference to the specific plan provisions on which the
determination was based
• A statement that you are entitled to receive upon request
and free of charge reasonable access to, and make copies
of, all records, documents, and other information relevant
to your benefit claim upon request
• A description of Prudential’s review procedures and
applicable time limits
• A statement that you have the right to obtain upon request
and free of charge, a copy of internal rules or guidelines
relied upon in making this determination, and
• A statement describing any appeals procedures offered by
the plan.
If a decision on appeal is not furnished to you within the
time frames mentioned above, the claim shall be deemed
denied on appeal.
See Deadlines to file a claim or bring legal action earlier in
this chapter regarding the deadline to bring legal action.
VOLUNTARY SECOND APPEAL OF
LIFE, BUSINESS TRAVEL ACCIDENT, OR
ACCIDENTAL DEATH AND DISMEMBERMENT
INSURANCE CLAIMS
If the appeal of your benefit claim is denied or if you
do not receive a response to your appeal within the
appropriate time frame (in which case the appeal is
deemed to have been denied), you or your representative
may make a second, voluntary appeal of your denial in
writing to Prudential within 180 days of the receipt of
the written notice of denial or 180 days from the date
such claim is deemed denied. You are not required to
request a voluntary review to be treated as exhausting your
administrative remedies. See Deadlines to file a claim or
bring legal action earlier in this chapter regarding the
deadline to bring legal action.
You may submit with your second appeal any written
comments, documents, records, and any other information
relating to your claim. Upon your request, you will also
have access to, and the right to obtain copies of, all
documents, records and information relevant to your
claim free of charge.
Prudential will make a determination on your second claim
appeal within 45 days of the receipt of your appeal request.
This period may be extended by up to an additional 45 days
if Prudential determines that special circumstances require
an extension of time. A written notice of the extension, the
reason for the extension, and the date by which Prudential
expects to render a decision shall be furnished to you within
the initial 45-day period. However, if the period of time is
extended due to your failure to submit information necessary
to decide the appeal, the period for making the benefit
determination will be tolled from the date on which the
notification of the extension is sent to you until the date on
which you respond to the request for additional information.
If the claim on appeal is denied in whole or in part for a
second time, you will receive a written notification from
Prudential of the denial. The notice will be written in a
manner calculated to be understood by the applicant and will
include the same information that was included in the first
adverse determination letter. If a decision on appeal is not
furnished to you within the time frames mentioned above,
the claim shall be deemed denied on appeal.
Claims and appeals process for
disability coverage claims
NOTE: This section describes the claims and appeals
process for the full-time hourly short-term disability plan
(basic and enhanced), the full-time hourly and salaried
long‑term disability plan, and the truck driver long‑term
disability plan. For claims and appeals information for the
short‑term disability plans for salaried associates and truck
drivers, refer to the respective chapters.
FILING A CLAIM
All requests of leaves of absence are administered by
Sedgwick unless indicated otherwise. Notify Sedgwick
to apply for a leave of absence and file a short‑term
disability claim as soon as you know you will be absent from
work due to an illness, injury, or pregnancy. You may do
this by visiting One.Walmart.com > mySedgwick, or by
calling 800-492-5678.
You may also submit short-term disability claims by mail to:
Sedgwick Claims Management Services, Inc.
P.O. Box 14748
Lexington, Kentucky 40512-4748
For associates in states or localities with legally mandated
benefits, you should submit your claim directly to the state
or local government. If you are appealing a Sedgwickmanaged claim, file your appeal with Sedgwick, as described 
Claims and appeals
277
above. For information, including filing timelines, call
the appropriate phone number listed in the Resources
chart at the beginning of the Full-time hourly short‑term
disability chapter.
Claims under the full-time hourly and salaried long‑term
disability plan and truck driver long‑term disability plan
should be submitted to:
Group Benefits Claims
Lincoln Financial Group
Group — Charlotte WM
P.O. Box 2578
Omaha, Nebraska 68172-9688
If you elected long-term disability or truck driver longterm disability and were required to submit Proof of Good
Health but your proof was not approved, you may submit
an appeal in writing to Lincoln Financial Group. Contact
Lincoln Financial Group for specific procedures regarding
the appeal of a Proof of Good Health decision, including
timing requirements. Submit your appeal via email at
EOIQuestions@lfg.co, or by U.S. mail to:
Lincoln Financial Group
ATTN: Medical Underwriting
P.O. Box 2870
Omaha, NE 68103-2870
FILING DEADLINES
Claims for short-term disability benefits in Hawaii, New
Jersey, and New York must be submitted to Sedgwick within
30 days of the date your disability begins. Sedgwick will
notify Lincoln of your disability claim.
For all other states (with the exception of California and
Rhode Island, as noted below), you must submit your short‑
term disability claim to Sedgwick within 90 days of the date
your disability begins in order to assure consideration for
benefits. Claims filed later than 90 days after the date of
disability may be denied unless Sedgwick determines you had
good cause for filing late.
If you are on an approved short‑term disability claim and
are enrolled in a long‑term disability plan, your claim will
automatically be transitioned to Lincoln for consideration.
If you work in Connecticut, Massachusetts, Washington, D.C.,
or Washington state, you should promptly apply to Sedgwick
and to your state or locality for state‑mandated benefits.
Note that associates in Washington, D.C. will generally
not receive benefits for periods prior to the date of the
application for benefits, except in emergency situations.
Once a claim has been filed, a decision will be made in no
more than 45 days after receipt of your properly filed
claim. The time for decision may be extended for up to
two additional 30-day periods, provided that, prior to
any extension period, you are notified in writing that an
extension is necessary due to matters beyond control, those
matters are identified, and you are given the date by which
a decision will be rendered. If your claim is extended due
to your failure to submit information necessary to decide
your claim, the time for decision may be tolled from the
date on which the notification of the extension is sent to
you until the date your response is received. If your claim is
approved, the decision will contain information sufficient to
reasonably inform you of that decision.
Any adverse benefit determination will be in writing and
will include:
• Specific reasons for the decision
• Specific reference to the Plan provisions on which the
decision is based
• A discussion of the decision, including an explanation of
the basis for disagreeing with or not following:
– The views presented by you to the Plan of health care
professionals treating you and vocational professionals
evaluated by you
– The views of medical or vocational experts whose
advice was obtained on behalf of the Plan in connection
with your adverse benefit determination, regardless
of whether the advice was relied upon in making the
benefit determination, and
– A disability determination regarding you made by the
Social Security Administration and presented by you to
the Plan.
• Either the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols,
standards, or other similar criteria of the Plan relied upon
in making the adverse determination or, alternatively, a
statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards,
or other similar criteria of the Plan do not exist
• If the adverse benefit determination is based on a medical
necessity or experimental treatment or similar exclusion
or limit, either an explanation of the scientific or clinical
judgment for the determination, applying the terms of
the Plan to your medical circumstances, or a statement
that such explanation will be provided free of charge
upon request
• A description of any additional material or information
necessary for you to perfect the claim and an explanation
of why such material or information is necessary
• A statement that you are entitled to receive, upon request
and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of,
all documents, records, and other information relevant to
your claim for benefits
• A description of the review procedures and time limits
applicable to such procedures, and
• A statement that you have the right to bring a civil action
under Section 502(a) of ERISA after you appeal the
decision if you receive a written denial on appeal.
Claims and appeals
278
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
APPEALING A DISABILITY CLAIM THAT HAS
BEEN FULLY OR PARTIALLY DENIED
If your claim for disability benefits is denied and you
would like to appeal, you must submit a written or oral
appeal to Sedgwick or Lincoln (as applicable) within 180 days
of the denial.
For associates in states or localities with legally mandated
plans, such as California, Connecticut, Massachusetts,
Rhode Island, Washington, D.C., and Washington state, you
should submit your appeal directly to the state or local
government. For information, including filing timelines,
call the appropriate phone number listed in the Resources
chart at the beginning of the Full-time hourly short‑term
disability chapter.
Your appeal will be conducted without regard to your
initial determination by someone other than the party
who decided your initial claim or a subordinate of the
individual who decided your initial claim. No deference will
be afforded to the initial determination. You will have the
opportunity to submit written comments, documents, or
other information in support of your appeal. You have the
right to request copies, free of charge, of all documents,
records, or other information relevant to your claim. The
third-party administrator, on behalf of the Plan, will provide
you with any new or additional evidence or rationale
considered in connection with your claim sufficiently in
advance of the appeals determination date to give you a
reasonable opportunity to respond.
If your claim involves a medical judgment question,
third‑party administrator, on behalf of the Plan, will
consult with an appropriately qualified health care
practitioner with training and experience in the field
of medicine involved. If a health care professional was
consulted for the initial determination, a different health
care professional will be consulted on appeal. Upon
request, the third-party administrator, on behalf of the
Plan, will provide you with the identification of any medical
expert whose advice was obtained on behalf of the Plan in
connection with your appeal.
Sedgwick or Lincoln (as applicable) will make a determination
on your appeal within 45 days of the receipt of your appeal
request. This period may be extended by up to an additional
45 days if it is determined that special circumstances require
an extension of time. You will be notified prior to the end of
the 45‑day period if an extension is required. If you are asked
to provide additional information, you will have 45 days from
the date you are notified to provide the information, and
the time to make a determination will be suspended until
you provide the requested information (or the deadline to
provide the information, if earlier).
If your appeal is denied in whole or in part, you will receive a
written notification of the denial that will include:
• The specific reasons for the adverse determination
• Reference to the specific Plan provisions on which the
determination was based
• A discussion of the decision, including an explanation of
the basis for disagreeing with or not following:
– The views presented by you to the Plan of health care
professionals treating you and vocational professionals
who evaluated you
– The views of medical or vocational experts whose
advice was obtained on behalf of the Plan in connection
with your adverse benefit determination, regardless
of whether the advice was relied upon in making the
benefit determination, and
– A disability determination regarding you made by the
Social Security Administration and presented by you to
the Plan.
• Either the specific internal rules, guidelines, protocols,
standards, or other similar criteria of the Plan relied upon
in making the adverse determination or, alternatively, a
statement that such rules, guidelines, protocols, standards,
or other similar criteria of the Plan do not exist
• If the adverse benefit determination is based on a medical
necessity or experimental treatment or similar exclusion
or limit, either an explanation of the scientific or clinical
judgment for the determination, applying the terms of
the Plan to your medical circumstances, or a statement
that such explanation will be provided free of charge
upon request
• A statement that you are entitled to receive, upon request
and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of,
all documents, records, and other information relevant to
your claim for benefits, and
• A statement that you have the right to bring a civil action
under Section 502(a) of ERISA (including a description of
any contractual limitation period that applies and the date
on which the contractual limitation period expires).
See Deadlines to file a claim or bring legal action earlier in
this chapter regarding the deadline to bring legal action.
See Appealing an enrollment or eligibility status decision
earlier in this chapter for information on appealing
eligibility determinations.
All other appeals under the short-term disability plan for
full-time hourly associates for all states except California,
Hawaii, New Jersey, New York, and Rhode Island should be
submitted to:
Walmart Disability and Leave Service Center at Sedgwick
National Appeals Unit
P.O. Box 14748
Lexington, Kentucky 40512-4748
Claims and appeals
279
For associates in states with legally mandated benefits,
you should submit your appeal directly to the state or local
government. If you are appealing your Sedgwick-managed
claim, file your appeal with Sedgwick as described above.
For salaried associates and truck drivers, see the Salaried
short‑term disability plan chapter or the Truck driver
short‑term disability plan chapter, as appropriate,
for detailed information on the appeals process for
those plans.
Appeals for short-term disability benefits in Hawaii, New
Jersey, and New York, and long-term disability appeals,
should be sent to:
Group Benefits Claims Appeal Unit
Lincoln Financial Group
Group — Charlotte WM
Attn: Appeal Review Unit
P.O. Box 2578
Omaha, Nebraska 68172-9688
VOLUNTARY SECOND APPEAL OF A CLAIM
FOR BENEFITS UNDER THE FULL-TIME HOURLY
SHORT-TERM DISABILITY PLAN
If you are a full-time hourly associate whose short-term
disability coverage is administered through Sedgwick and
your appeal is denied, you may make a voluntary second
appeal of your denial orally or in writing to Sedgwick. You
must submit your second appeal within 180 days of the
receipt of the written notice of denial. You may submit
any written comments, documents, records, and any
other information relating to your claim. The same criteria
and response times that applied to your first appeal, as
described earlier, are generally applied to this voluntary
second appeal.
Voluntary second appeals for short-term disability benefits
should be sent to:
Walmart Disability and Leave Service Center at Sedgwick
National Appeals Unit
P.O. Box 14748
Lexington, Kentucky 40512-4748
See Deadlines to file a claim or bring legal action earlier
in this chapter regarding the deadlines to bring legal action.
Resources for Living benefits
You do not have to file a claim or appeal for Resources
for Living benefits. You may access the Resources for
Living website or call Resources for Living at 800-825-3555
at any time.
However, if you have a question about your benefits, or
disagree with the benefits provided, you may contact
People Services or file a claim or appeal by writing to the
following address:
Walmart Total Rewards Benefits
Attn: Internal Appeals
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
Any claims or appeals will be determined under the time
frames and requirements applicable to medical benefits.
International business travel
medical insurance
Claim forms are generally not required for GeoBlue
services. However, if you have a question about your
benefits or disagree with the benefits provided, you may
contact GeoBlue or file a claim. To submit a claim via email
or fax, download a claim form and view detailed instructions
in the Member Hub at geo-blue.com. Submit your claim by
email to claims@geo-blue.com or by fax to 610-482-9623.
You may also submit claims by post. Download a claim form
from the Member Hub at geo-blue.com and send your
completed form to:
GeoBlue
Claims Department
P.O. Box 1748
Southeastern, Pennsylvania 19399-1748
Any claims and appeals will be determined under the time
frames and requirements set out in the GeoBlue policy.
Contact GeoBlue at any time by calling 888-412-6403.
Outside the U.S. call collect: 610-254-5830.
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Legal information
Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan 282
Plan identifying information 282
Plan funding 283
Plan amendment or termination 283
Your rights under ERISA 283
HIPAA notice of privacy practices 284
Medicare and your prescription drug coverage 288
Premium assistance under Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) 289
Valued Plan Participant 292
Legal information
281
Legal information
The 2023 Associate Benefits Book contains separate chapters that, taken together, constitute
the Summary Plan Description (SPD) for the Walmart Inc. Associates’ Health and Welfare
Plan (the Plan). Specifically, the SPD for the Plan includes the following chapters:
• Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates
• Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates for
associates in Hawaii
• The medical plan
• The pharmacy benefit
• The dental plan
• The vision plan
• Resources for Living
• COBRA
• Short‑term disability for full‑time hourly associates
• Long‑term disability
• Truck driver long‑term disability
• Company‑paid life insurance
• Optional associate life insurance
• Optional dependent life insurance
• Business travel accident insurance
• Accident insurance
• Accidental death and dismemberment (AD&D) insurance
• Critical illness insurance
• Claims and appeals
In this Legal information chapter of the SPD, you will find important administrative information and
facts about your rights as a participant in the Plan.
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Contact the Plan Administrator Write to:
Plan Administrator
Senior Vice President, U.S. Benefits
Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716‑3500
Call 479‑621‑2058
Answers to questions about the
HIPAA Privacy Notice
Email your question to
AHWPrivacy@walmart.com
Call People Services at
800‑421‑1362
Answers to questions about
Medicare Part D
Visit medicare.gov 800‑MEDICARE (800‑633‑4227)
TTY users should call 877‑486‑2048
Answers to your questions
about Medicaid/CHIP
Visit insurekidsnow.gov 877‑KIDSNOW (877‑543‑7669)
What you need to know about the legal information for
the Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan
• As a participant in the Plan, you are entitled to certain rights and protections under the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), as amended.
• The HIPAA privacy notice in this chapter describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and
how you can get access to this information.
• The Medicare and your prescription drug coverage section in this chapter explains the options you have under
Medicare prescription drug coverage and can help you decide whether or not you want to enroll.
• The Medicaid/Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) notice explains special enrollment and premium assistance
rights for individuals eligible for these programs.
Legal information
282
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan
Walmart Inc. maintains the Plan for the exclusive benefit
of its eligible associates and their eligible family members.
The Plan provides health and welfare benefits through the
following component benefit programs:
• Self-funded medical benefits, including pharmacy*
• Medical insurance (including HMOs)**
• Self-funded dental benefits
• Vision insurance
• Resources for Living
• Self‑funded short‑term disability benefits
• Long‑term disability insurance
• Company‑paid life insurance
• Optional associate life insurance
• Optional dependent life insurance
• Business travel accident insurance
• Accident insurance
• Accidental death and dismemberment insurance
• Critical illness insurance
Each component benefit program (except for medical
insurance) is summarized in the respective chapter of this
SPD. Medical insurance (including HMOs) is summarized
in a certificate of insurance booklet issued by an insurance
company, a summary prepared specifically for that
component benefit program. These summaries are also part
of the Plan’s SPD.
The terms and conditions of the Plan are set forth in this
SPD, in the Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan Wrap
Document (Wrap Document), and in the insurance policies
and other welfare program documents incorporated
into the Wrap Document. The Wrap Document, together
with this book and the other incorporated documents,
constitutes the written instrument under which the
Plan is established and maintained. An amendment to an
incorporated document, including this SPD, is considered an
amendment to the Plan.
* Self-funded medical benefits include the following plan options:
Premier Plan, Contribution Plan, Saver Plan, and Local Plans.
** Medical insurance includes the following plan options:
PPO Plan, HMOs.
Plan identifying information
Plan Sponsor:
Walmart Inc.
702 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-0295
Plan Sponsor’s EIN: 71-0415188
Plan Number: 501
Type of Plan: Welfare, including medical, dental, vision,
employee assistance program, short‑term disability,
long‑term disability insurance, company‑paid life insurance,
optional associate and dependent life insurance, business
travel accident insurance, accident insurance, accidental death
and dismemberment (AD&D), and critical illness insurance.
Type of Administration: The Plan is administered by the
Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator has delegated
fiduciary responsibility for determinations of claims
for benefits and appeals under the self-funded benefit
components to third-party administrators. For insured
benefit components, insurers have fiduciary responsibility
for determinations of claims for benefits and appeals.
Each chapter in this SPD identifies the specific third party,
including insurers that administer claims and appeals for the
respective benefits.
The Plan Administrator (or its delegates, including third-party
administrators and insurers deciding claims and appeals) has
complete discretion to interpret and construe the provisions
of the Plan, make findings of fact, correct errors, and supply
omissions. All decisions and interpretations of the Plan
Administrator (or a delegate) made pursuant to the Plan shall
be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, and may not
be overturned unless found by a court to be arbitrary and
capricious. Benefits will be paid only if the Plan Administrator
(or a delegate) determines in its sole discretion that the
claimant is entitled to them.
Plan Administrator and Named Fiduciary:
Senior Vice President, U.S. Benefits
Walmart Inc. Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
479-621-2058
Named Fiduciary (for self-funded medical, pharmacy,
dental, and short-term disability benefits): For each of the
self-funded component benefit programs, the applicable
third-party administrator is a named fiduciary with respect
to decisions regarding whether a claim for benefits will be
paid under the Plan.
Named Fiduciary (for insured medical, vision, companypaid life, optional associate life, optional dependent life,
business travel accident, long-term disability, accident,
AD&D, and critical illness insurance): For each of the
insured component benefit programs, the applicable
insurance company is a named fiduciary with respect to
decisions regarding whether a claim for benefits will be paid
under the insurance contract.
Plan Trustee:
J. P. Morgan
4 New York Plaza, 15th Floor
New York, New York 10004-2413
Legal information
283
Agent for Service of Legal Process:
Corporation Trust Company
1209 Orange Street Corporation Trust Center
Wilmington, Delaware 19801
Legal process may also be served on the Plan Administrator
or Trustee.
Plan Year: January 1 through December 31
Plan funding
Walmart Inc. may fund Plan benefits out of its general
assets or through contributions made to the Walmart Inc.
Associates’ Health and Welfare Trust. Contributions also
may be required by associates, in an amount determined
by Walmart Inc. in its sole discretion. All assets of the Plan,
including associate contributions and any dividends or
earnings of the Plan, shall be available to pay any benefits
provided under the Plan or expenses of the Plan, including
insurance premiums.
Plan amendment or termination
Walmart reserves the right within its sole discretion to
amend or terminate any benefit or provision under the Plan,
at any time and for any reason, as it relates to any current,
past, or future participant or beneficiary under the Plan.
Neither the Plan nor the benefits described in this book can
be orally amended. All oral statements and representations
shall be without force or effect, even if such statements
and representations are made by the Plan Administrator,
a management associate of the company, a representative
in the benefits call center, or a third-party administrator.
Only written statements by the Plan Administrator shall
bind the Plan.
Your rights under ERISA
As a participant in the Plan, you are entitled to certain rights
and protections under the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), as amended. ERISA provides
that all Plan participants shall be entitled to:
RECEIVE INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR PLAN
AND BENEFITS
You have the right to:
• Examine, without charge, at the Plan Administrator’s office
and at other specified facilities, such as worksites and
union halls, all documents governing the Plan, including
insurance contracts and collective bargaining agreements,
and a copy of the latest annual report (Form 5500 Series)
filed by the Plan with the U.S. Department of Labor and
available at the Public Disclosure Room of the Employee
Benefits Security Administration.
• Obtain, upon written request to the Plan Administrator,
copies of documents governing the operation of the
Plan, including insurance contracts and collective
bargaining agreements, and copies of the latest annual
report (Form 5500 Series) and updated Summary Plan
Description. The Administrator may make a reasonable
charge for the copies.
• Receive a summary of the Plan’s annual financial report.
The Plan Administrator is required by law to furnish each
participant with a copy of this annual report.
CONTINUE GROUP HEALTH PLAN COVERAGE
You have the right to continue health care coverage for
yourself, your spouse, or your dependents if there is a loss
of coverage under the Plan as a result of a qualifying event.
You or your dependents may have to pay for such coverage.
Review this SPD and the documents governing the Plan on
the rules governing your COBRA continuation coverage
rights. (See the COBRA chapter for more information.)
You should be provided a certificate of creditable coverage,
free of charge, from the Plan or health insurance issuer
when you lose coverage under the Plan, when you become
entitled to elect COBRA continuation coverage, or when
your COBRA continuation coverage ceases, if you request it
before losing coverage or if you request it up to 24 months
after losing coverage.
The Plan’s medical benefit component does not have a
pre‑existing condition exclusion.
PRUDENT ACTIONS BY PLAN FIDUCIARIES
In addition to creating rights for Plan participants, ERISA
imposes duties upon the people who are responsible for
the operation of the Plan. The people who operate the
Plan, called “fiduciaries” of the Plan, have a duty to do
so prudently and in the interest of you and other Plan
participants and beneficiaries. No one, including your
employer, your union, or any other person, can fire you or
otherwise discriminate against you in any way to prevent
you from obtaining benefits or exercising your rights
under ERISA.
If your claim for a benefit is denied or ignored, in whole
or in part, you have the right to know why this was done,
to obtain copies of documents relating to the decision
without charge, and to appeal any denial, all within certain
time schedules.
Under ERISA, there are steps you can take to enforce the
above rights. For instance:
• If you request materials from the Plan and do not
receive them within 30 days, you can file suit in a federal
court. In such a case, the court may require the Plan
Administrator to provide the materials and pay you up 
Legal information
284
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
to $110 a day until you receive the materials, unless the
materials were not sent because of reasons beyond the
control of the Administrator.
• If you have a claim for benefits that is denied or ignored, in
whole or in part, you can file suit in a state or federal court.
Generally, you must complete the appeals process before
filing a lawsuit against the Plan. However, you should
consult with your own legal counsel in determining when it
is proper to file a lawsuit against the Plan.
• If you disagree with the Plan’s decision or lack thereof
concerning the qualified status of a domestic relations
order or a medical child support order, you can file suit in a
federal court.
• If it should happen that Plan fiduciaries misuse the Plan’s
money, or if you are discriminated against for asserting
your rights, you can seek assistance from the U.S.
Department of Labor, or you can file suit in a federal court.
The court will decide who should pay court costs and
legal fees. If you are successful, the court may order the
person you have sued to pay these costs and fees. If you
lose, the court may order you to pay these costs and fees;
for example, if it finds your claim is frivolous.
ASSISTANCE WITH YOUR QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about the Plan, you should contact
the Plan Administrator. If you have any questions about
this statement or about your rights under ERISA, or if you
need assistance in obtaining documents from the Plan
Administrator, you should contact the nearest office of the
Employee Benefits Security Administration, U.S. Department
of Labor, listed in your telephone directory or the:
Division of Technical Assistance and Inquiries
Employee Benefits Security Administration
U. S. Department of Labor
200 Constitution Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20210
You can also obtain certain publications about your rights
under ERISA by calling the Employee Benefits Security
Administration publications hotline at 866-444-3272 or by
going to dol.gov/ebsa.
HIPAA notice of privacy practices
This notice was updated August 1, 2019
THIS NOTICE APPLIES TO THE ASSOCIATES’ MEDICAL
PLAN (AMP), DENTAL PLAN, AND RESOURCES FOR LIVING
(RFL), REFERRED TO COLLECTIVELY AS THE “PLANS”
THE PLANS’ COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
References to “we” and “us” throughout this notice mean the
Plans. Walmart also provides benefits for some associates
through a Health Maintenance Organization (HMO), a
fully insured PPO Plan and a fully insured international
business travel medical plan. For these benefit options, the
insurer of the HMO or PPO Plan or international business
travel medical plan is responsible to protect your health
information under the HIPAA rules, including providing you
with its own notice of privacy practices.
The Plans are dedicated to maintaining the privacy of your
health information for as long as the Plans hold your health
information or for fifty years after your death. In operating
the Plans, we create records regarding you and the benefits
we provide to you. This notice will tell you about the ways
in which we may use and disclose health information about
you. We will also describe your rights and certain obligations
we have regarding the use and disclosure of health
information. We are required by law to:
• Maintain the privacy of your health information, also
known as Protected Health Information (PHI)
• Provide you with this notice
• Comply with this notice, and
• Notify you if there is a breach of your unsecured PHI.
The Plans reserve the right to change our privacy practices
and to make any such change applicable to the PHI we
obtained about you before the change. If there is a material
revision to this notice, the new notice will be distributed to
you. You may obtain a paper copy of the current notice by
contacting the Plans using the contact information listed
at the end of this notice. The most current notice is also
available on One.Walmart.com.
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL
INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED
AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET
ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE
REVIEW IT CAREFULLY. You have certain rights
under the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act (HIPAA). HIPAA governs
when and how your medical health information
held by the AMP, dental plan, and RFL may be
used and disclosed and how you can get access
to this information. Please share a copy of
this notice with your family members who are
covered under the AMP, dental plan, and RFL.
HOW THE AMP, DENTAL PLAN, AND RFL MAY
USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR PHI
The law permits us to use and disclose your protected
health information (PHI) for certain purposes without your
permission or authorization. The following gives examples of
each of these circumstances:
1. For Treatment. We may use or disclose your PHI for
purposes of treatment. For example, we may disclose
your PHI to physicians, nurses, and other professionals
who are involved in your care.
Legal information
285
2. For Payment. We may use or disclose your PHI to provide
payment for the treatment you receive under the Plans.
For example, we may contact your health care provider
to certify that you have received treatment (and for what
range of benefits), and we may request details regarding
your treatment to determine if your benefits will cover,
or pay for, your treatment. We also may use and disclose
your PHI to obtain payment from third parties that may
be responsible for such costs, such as family members or
other insurance companies.
3. For Health Care Operations. We may use or disclose
your PHI for our health care operations. For example,
our claims administrators in some states or the Plans may
use your PHI to conduct cost-management and planning
activities. Any information which we use or disclose for
underwriting purposes will not include any of your PHI
which is genetic information.
4. To the Plans’ Sponsor. The Plans may use or disclose your
PHI to Walmart, the Plan Sponsor. The Plans’ Sponsor
will only use your PHI as necessary to administer the
Plans. The law only permits the Plans to disclose your PHI
to Walmart, in its role as the Plans’ Sponsor, if Walmart
certifies, among other things, that it will only use or
disclose your PHI as permitted by the Plan, will restrict
access to your PHI to those Walmart employees whose
job it is to administer the Plan, and will not use PHI for
any employment-related actions.
5. For Health-Related Programs and Services. The Plans
may contact you about information regarding treatment
alternatives or other health-related benefits and services
that may be of interest to you.
6. To Individuals Involved in Your Care or Payment for Your
Care. The Plans may disclose your PHI to a third party
involved in your health care, including a family member,
close friend, or a person you identified to the Plan as
involved in your health care, provided that you agree to this
disclosure. If you are not present or available to agree or
disagree to disclose your PHI to a third person requesting
the PHI, then the Plans may use professional judgment to
determine if the disclosure of PHI is in your best interests.
If it is determined that a disclosure of PHI is then in your
best interest, the Plans may disclose the minimum amount
of PHI necessary to meet the need. Additionally, you have
the right to request that the Plans limit any disclosure of
PHI to specific individuals involved in your health care.
OTHER USES OR DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PHI
WITHOUT AN AUTHORIZATION
The law allows us to disclose your PHI in the following
circumstances without your permission or authorization:
1. When Required by Law. The Plans will use and disclose
your PHI when we are required to do so by federal, state,
or local law.
2. For Public Health Risks. The Plans may disclose your
PHI for public health activities, such as those aimed at
preventing or controlling disease, preventing injury,
reporting reactions to medications or problems with
products, and reporting the abuse or neglect of children,
elders, and dependent adults.
3. For Health Oversight Activities. The Plans may disclose
your PHI to a health oversight agency for activities
authorized by law. These oversight activities, which are
necessary for the government to monitor the health
care system, include investigations, inspections, audits,
and licensure.
4. For Lawsuits and Disputes. The Plans may use or disclose
your PHI in response to a court or administrative order
if you are involved in a lawsuit or similar proceeding. We
also may disclose your PHI in response to a discovery
request, subpoena, or other lawful process by another
party involved in the dispute, but only if we receive
satisfactory assurances from the party seeking the
information that reasonable efforts have been made to
inform you of the request and given you the opportunity
to raise an objection to the court or obtain an order
protecting the information the party has requested.
5. To Law Enforcement. The Plans may release your PHI if
asked to do so by a law enforcement official in certain
circumstances, including but not limited to the following:
– Regarding a crime victim in certain situations, if we
are unable to obtain the person’s agreement
– Concerning a death we believe might have resulted
from criminal conduct
– Regarding criminal conduct at our offices
– In response to a warrant, summons, court order,
subpoena, or similar legal process
– To identify/locate a suspect, material witness, fugitive,
or missing person
– In an emergency, to report a crime (including the
location or victim(s) of the crime or the description,
identity, or location of the person who committed the
crime), and
– In cases where a law enforcement agency has
requested PHI for purposes of identifying or locating
an individual, HIPAA permits that if certain specific
situations are met, the Plans must disclose to the
law enforcement agency limited information such as
name, address, Social Security number, ABO blood
type, type of injury, date and time of treatment or
death, and distinguishing physical characteristics.
6. To Avert a Serious Threat to Health or Safety. The Plans
may use or disclose your PHI when necessary to reduce
or prevent a serious threat to your health and safety or
the health and safety of another individual or the public.
Under these circumstances, we will only make disclosures
to a person or organization able to help prevent the threat.
Legal information
286
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
7. For Military Functions. The Plans may use or disclose
your PHI if you are a member of the U.S. or foreign
military forces (including veterans), and if required to
assure the proper execution of a military mission if the
appropriate military authority has published the required
information in the Federal Register.
8. For National Security. The Plans may disclose your PHI
to federal officials for intelligence and national security
activities authorized by law. We also may disclose
your PHI to federal officials in order to protect the
president, other officials, or foreign heads of state or to
conduct investigations.
9. Inmates. The Plans may disclose your health information
to correctional institutions or law enforcement officials
if you are an inmate or under the custody of a law
enforcement official. Disclosure for these purposes
would be necessary: for the institution to provide health
care services to you; for the safety and security of the
institution; and/or to protect your health and safety or
the health and safety of other individuals.
10.To Workers’ Compensation Programs. The Plans
may release your health information for workers’
compensation and similar programs.
11. For Services Related to Death. The Plans may disclose
your PHI upon your death to a coroner, funeral director,
or to tissue or organ donation services, as necessary to
permit them to perform their functions.
12. Research. HIPAA permits the Plans to disclose PHI for
government-approved research purposes. It is the policy
of the Plans not to disclose PHI for research purposes
and will not disclose your PHI for such purposes unless
the PHI is required to be disclosed under law.
13. Psychotherapy Notes. An authorization is always required
to use or disclose psychotherapy notes to a third person
unless the use or disclosure is permitted under HIPAA
regulations. Permissible uses or disclosures include: use
for treatment, payment, or health care operations; use
by the originator of the notes for treatment; use by the
Plans to defend themselves in a lawsuit that you initiate;
when required by the Secretary of the Department
of Health and Human Services; when such disclosure
is required by law; for health oversight activities as
permitted under the regulations; disclosure to a person
who can reasonably prevent serious harm to an individual
or the public; and disclosure to a medical examiner
or coroner for the purpose of identifying a deceased
person, determining cause of death, or such other
purposes permitted by law. While the regulations permit
covered entities to use and disclose psychotherapy notes
for purposes of training health professionals or students,
the Plans do not engage in such training exercises and
cannot disclose the information for these purposes.
14.Victims of Abuse, Neglect, or Domestic Violence. The
Plans may disclose your PHI if there is reasonable belief
that you are a victim of abuse, neglect, or domestic
violence. Such disclosure is permitted under HIPAA only
if required by law or with your permission or to the extent
the disclosure is expressly authorized by statute and only if,
in the Plan’s best judgment, the disclosure is necessary to
prevent serious harm to you or other potential victims.
15. Health Oversight Activities and Joint Investigations. The
Plans must disclose PHI requested of health oversight
agencies for purposes of legally authorized audits,
investigations including joint investigations, inspections,
licensure, disciplinary actions, or other oversight activities
of authorized entities.
16. Disaster Relief Efforts. The Plans may use or disclose your
PHI to notify a family member or other individual involved
in your care of your location, general condition or death, or
to a public or private entity authorized by law or its charter
to assist in disaster relief efforts to make such notification.
USES AND DISCLOSURES REQUIRING
YOUR AUTHORIZATION
The Plans will obtain your written authorization for any
other uses or disclosures of your PHI, including for most
uses and disclosures of psychotherapy notes (except in
situations noted above), uses and disclosures of PHI for
marketing purposes, and uses or disclosures that are a
sale of PHI. The Plan will not condition your eligibility to
participate in the Plan or payment of benefits under the
Plan upon your authorization, except where allowed by law.
If you give us written authorization for a use or disclosure of
your PHI, you may revoke that authorization at any time in
writing. If you revoke your authorization, we will no longer
use or disclose your PHI for the reasons described in the
authorization, except for where we have taken action in
reliance on your authorization before we received your
written revocation.
STRICTER STATE PRIVACY LAWS
Under the HIPAA Privacy Regulations, the Plan is required
to comply with state laws, if any, that also are applicable
and are not contrary to HIPAA (for example, where state
laws may be stricter). The Plan maintains a policy to ensure
compliance with these laws.
YOUR RIGHTS RELATED TO YOUR PHI
You have the following rights regarding your PHI that
we maintain:
Legal information
287
1. Right to Request Confidential Communications. You
have the right to request that the Plans communicate
with you about your health and related issues in a
particular manner or at a certain location if you feel
that your life may be endangered if communications
are sent to your home. For example, you may ask that
we contact you at work rather than home. In order to
request a type of confidential communication, you must
make a written request to the address at the end of this
section specifying the requested method of contact
or the location where you wish to be contacted. For
us to consider granting your request for a confidential
communication, your written request must clearly state
that your life could be endangered by the disclosure of
all or part of this information.
2. Right to Request Restrictions. You have the right to
request a restriction in our use or disclosure of your
PHI for treatment, payment, or health care operations.
We generally are not required to agree to your request
except in limited circumstances; however, if we do
agree, we are bound by our agreement except when
otherwise required by law, in emergencies, or when
the information is necessary to treat you. To request
a restriction in our use or disclosure of your PHI, you
must make your request in writing to the address at
the end of this section. Your request must describe in a
clear and concise fashion: (a) the information you wish
restricted; (b) whether you are requesting to limit the
Associates’ Medical Plan’s, dental plan’s, or RFL’s use,
disclosure, or both; and (c) to whom you want the limits
to apply.
3. Right to Inspect and Copy. Except for limited
circumstances, you have the right to inspect and copy
the PHI that may be used to make decisions about you.
Usually, this includes medical and billing records. To
inspect or copy your PHI, you must submit your request
in writing to the address listed at the end of this section.
The Plans must directly provide to you, and/or the
individual you designate, access to the electronic PHI
in the electronic form and format you request, if it is
readily producible, or, if not, then in a readable electronic
format as agreed to between you and the Plan. The Plans
may charge a fee for the costs of copying, mailing, labor,
and supplies associated with your request. We may deny
your request to inspect and/or copy in certain limited
circumstances, in which case you may submit a request
to the Plan at the address in the next column that the
denial be reviewed.
4. Right to Request Amendment. You have the right to
request that we amend your PHI if you believe it is
incorrect or incomplete. To request an amendment,
you must submit a written request to the address listed
at the end of this section. You must provide a reason
that supports your request for amendment. We may
deny your request if you ask us to amend PHI that is: (a)
accurate and complete; (b) not part of the PHI kept by or
for the Plan; (c) not part of the PHI which you would be
permitted to inspect and copy; or (d) not created by the
Plan, unless the individual or entity that created the PHI
is not available to amend it. Even if we deny your request
for amendment, you have the right to submit a statement
of disagreement regarding any item in your record you
believe is incomplete or incorrect. If you request, it will
become part of your medical record, and we will attach
it to your records and include it whenever we make a
disclosure of the item or statement you believe to be
incomplete or incorrect.
5. Right to an Accounting of Disclosures. You have the
right to request an accounting of disclosures. An
accounting of disclosures is a list of certain disclosures
we have made of your PHI for most purposes other
than treatment, payment, health care operations, and
other exceptions pursuant to law or pursuant to your
authorization. To request an accounting of disclosures,
you must submit a written request to the address at the
end of this section. You must specify the time period,
which may not be longer than the six-year period prior
to your request. We will notify you of the cost involved
in complying with your request and you may choose to
withdraw or modify your request at that time.
6. Paper Notice. You have a right to request a paper copy
of this notice, even if you have agreed to receive this
notice electronically.
If you believe your privacy rights have been violated,
you may file a complaint with the Associates’ Medical
Plan, dental plan, or RFL, or with the Secretary of the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. To file
a complaint with us, you must submit it in writing to the
address listed at the end of this section. Neither Walmart
nor the Plans will retaliate against you for filing a complaint.
You will not be retaliated or discriminated against and no
services, payment, or privileges will be withheld from you
because you file a complaint with the Associates’ Medical
Plan, dental plan, or RFL, or with the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services.
If you have questions about this notice or would like to
exercise one or more of the rights listed in this notice,
please contact:
Walmart People Services
Attn: HIPAA Compliance Team
508 SW 8th Street
Mail Stop #3500
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-3500
Email your questions to: AHWPrivacy@walmart.com
Telephone: 800-421-1362
Legal information
288
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Medicare and your prescription
drug coverage
Please read this notice about Medicare and your prescription
drug coverage carefully and keep it where you can find it.
This notice has information about your current prescription
drug coverage under the Associates’ Medical Plan (the
AMP) and your prescription drug coverage option under
Medicare. This information can help you decide whether
or not you want to join a Medicare drug plan. If you are
considering joining, you should compare your current
coverage, including which drugs are covered at what cost,
with the coverage and costs of the plans offering Medicare
prescription drug coverage in your area. Information about
where you can get help to make decisions about your
prescription drug coverage is at the end of this notice.
There are two important things you need to know about your
current coverage and Medicare’s prescription drug coverage:
• Medicare prescription drug coverage became available
in 2006 to everyone with Medicare. You can get this
coverage if you join a Medicare prescription drug plan
or join a Medicare Advantage Plan (like an HMO or PPO)
that offers prescription drug coverage. All Medicare drug
plans provide at least a standard level of coverage set by
Medicare. Some plans may also offer more coverage for
a higher monthly premium. For purposes of the Associate
Benefits Book, any of the Medicare drug plans covered
under this notice are considered Part D plans.
• The AMP has determined that the prescription drug
coverage offered under all self-funded options of the
AMP, is on average for all Plan participants, expected to
pay out as much as the standard Medicare prescription
drug coverage pays and is therefore considered creditable
coverage. If you enroll in one of these options, you may
keep your current coverage and not pay a higher premium
(a penalty) if you later decide to join a Medicare Part D
drug plan.
WHEN CAN YOU JOIN A MEDICARE
DRUG PLAN?
You can join a Medicare drug plan when you first become
eligible for Medicare and each year from October 15
through December 7.
However, if you lose your current creditable prescription
drug coverage through no fault of your own, you also will
be eligible for a two‑month Special Enrollment Period (SEP)
to join a Medicare drug plan.
WHEN WILL YOU PAY A HIGHER PREMIUM
(A PENALTY) TO JOIN A MEDICARE DRUG PLAN?
You should also know that if you are enrolled in an AMP
option and drop or lose your AMP coverage and do not join
a Medicare drug plan within 63 continuous days after your
current AMP coverage ends, you may pay a higher premium
(a penalty) to join the Medicare drug plan later.
Starting with the end of the last month that you were
first eligible to join a Medicare drug plan but didn’t join,
if you go 63 continuous days or longer without creditable
prescription drug coverage, your monthly premium may
go up by at least 1% of the Medicare base beneficiary
premium per month for every month that you did not have
that coverage. For example, if you go 19 months without
creditable coverage, your premium may always be at least
19% higher than the Medicare base beneficiary premium.
You may have to pay this higher premium (a penalty) as
long as you have Medicare prescription drug coverage. In
addition, you may have to wait until the following Medicare
annual enrollment period beginning in October to join.
WHAT HAPPENS TO YOUR CURRENT
COVERAGE IF YOU DECIDE TO JOIN A
MEDICARE DRUG PLAN?
If you decide to join a Medicare drug plan, your current
coverage under the AMP will be affected. Plan guidelines
restrict you from enrolling in the AMP if you are enrolled
in a Medicare drug plan. If your dependent is enrolled in a
Medicare drug plan and you are not, you are able to enroll
in the AMP, but your dependent would not be eligible
for coverage.
If you decide to join a Medicare drug plan and drop your
coverage under the AMP, be aware that you and your
dependents will be able to reenroll, but only during Annual
Enrollment or due to an election change event, provided
you are not still enrolled in a Medicare drug plan.
If you enroll in a Medicare drug plan and decide within 60
days to switch back to a plan option under the AMP, you will
need to call People Services at 800-421-1362 to reenroll.
See the Eligibility, enrollment, and effective dates chapter
for further details.
Legal information
289
FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT
THIS NOTICE OR YOUR PRESCRIPTION
DRUG COVERAGE
Contact People Services at 800-421-1362 for further
information. Note:
• You will get this notice each year before the next period
during which you can join a Medicare drug plan.
• If we make a plan change that affects your creditable
coverage under the AMP, you will receive another notice.
• If you need a copy of this notice, you can request one at
any time from People Services at 800-421-1362.
FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR
OPTIONS UNDER MEDICARE PRESCRIPTION
DRUG COVERAGE
More detailed information about Medicare plans that
offer prescription drug coverage is available through the
Medicare & You handbook from Medicare. You may also be
contacted directly by Medicare drug plans. You will get a
copy of the handbook in the mail every year from Medicare.
For more information about Medicare prescription
drug coverage:
• Visit medicare.gov.
• Call your State Health Insurance Program for personalized
help. (See your copy of the Medicare & You handbook for its
telephone number.)
• Call 800-MEDICARE (800-633-4227). TTY users should
call 877-486-2048.
If you have limited income and resources, extra help paying
for the Medicare prescription drug plan is available. For
more information about this extra help, visit the Social
Security Administration online at socialsecurity.gov, or call
800-772-1213 (TTY 800-325-0778).
REMEMBER
Keep this creditable coverage notice. If you
decide to join one of the Medicare drug plans,
you may be required to provide a copy of this
notice when you join to show whether or not
you have maintained creditable coverage, and
therefore, whether or not you are required to
pay a higher premium (a penalty).
Premium assistance under Medicaid
and the Children’s Health Insurance
Program (CHIP)
If you or your children are eligible for Medicaid or CHIP and
you’re eligible for health coverage from Walmart Inc., your
state may have a premium assistance program that can help
pay for coverage, using funds from their Medicaid or CHIP
programs. If you or your children aren’t eligible for Medicaid
or CHIP, you won’t be eligible for these premium assistance
programs but you may be able to buy individual insurance
coverage through the Health Insurance Marketplace.
For more information, visit healthcare.gov.
If you or your dependents are already enrolled in Medicaid
or CHIP and you live in a state listed below, contact your
state Medicaid or CHIP office to find out if premium
assistance is available.
If you or your dependents are NOT currently enrolled
in Medicaid or CHIP, and you think you or any of your
dependents might be eligible for either of these programs,
contact your state Medicaid or CHIP office or dial
877-KIDS NOW or visit insurekidsnow.gov to find out how
to apply. If you qualify, ask your state if it has a program that
might help you pay the premiums for the Plan.
If you or your dependents are eligible for premium assistance
under Medicaid or CHIP, as well as eligible under the Walmart
Inc. Plan, the Plan must allow you and your dependents to
enroll in the Plan if you aren’t already enrolled. This is called
a “special enrollment” opportunity, and you must request
coverage within 60 days of being determined eligible for
premium assistance. If you have questions about enrolling
in your employer plan, contact the Department of Labor at
askebsa.dol.gov or call 866-444-EBSA (3272).
Legal information
290
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
ALABAMA – Medicaid
Website: http://myalhipp.com
Phone: 855-692-5447
ALASKA – Medicaid
The AK Health Insurance Premium Payment Program
Website: http://myakhipp.com
Phone: 866-251-4861
Email: CustomerService@MyAKHIPP.com
Eligibility: https://health.alaska.gov/dpa/Pages/default.aspx
ARKANSAS – Medicaid
Website: http://myarhipp.com
Phone: 855-MyARHIPP (855-692-7447)
CALIFORNIA – Medicaid
Website: Health Insurance Premium Payment (HIPP) Program
https://www.dhcs.ca.gov/hipp
Phone: 916-445-8322
Fax: 916-440-5676
Email: hipp@dhcs.ca.gov
COLORADO – Health First Colorado (Medicaid) & Child
Health Plan Plus (CHP+)
Health First Colorado website:
https://www.healthfirstcolorado.com
Health First Colorado Member Contact Center:
800-221-3943 State Relay 711
CHP+:
https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/hcpf/child-health-plan-plus
CHP+ Customer Service:
800-359-1991 / State Relay 711
Health Insurance Buy-In Program (HIBI):
https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/hcpf/health-insurancebuy-program
HIBI Customer Service: 855-692-6442
FLORIDA – Medicaid
Website: https://www.flmedicaidtplrecovery.com/
flmedicaidtplrecovery.com/hipp/index.html
Phone: 877-357-3268
GEORGIA – Medicaid
GA HIPP website: https://medicaid.georgia.gov/healthinsurance-premium-payment-program-hipp
Phone: 678-564-1162, press 1
GA-CHIPRA website: https://medicaid.georgia.gov/programs/
third-party-liability/childrens-health-insurance-programreauthorization-act-2009-chipra
Phone: 678-564-1162, press 2
INDIANA – Medicaid
Healthy Indiana Plan for low-income adults 19-64
Website: http://www.in.gov/fssa/hip
Phone: 877-438-4479
All other Medicaid
Website: https://www.in.gov/medicaid
Phone: 800-457-4584
IOWA MEDICAID AND CHIP (Hawki)
Medicaid website: https://dhs.iowa.gov/ime/members
Medicaid phone: 800-338-8366
Hawki website: http://dhs.iowa.gov/Hawki
Hawki phone: 800-257-8563
HIPP website:
https://dhs.iowa.gov/ime/members/medicaid-a-to-z/hipp
HIPP phone: 888-346-9562
KANSAS – Medicaid
Website: http://www.kancare.ks.gov
Phone: 800-792-4884
KENTUCKY – Medicaid
Kentucky Integrated Health Insurance Premium Payment
Program (KI-HIPP) website:
https://chfs.ky.gov/agencies/dms/member/Pages/kihipp.aspx
Phone: 855-459-6328
Email: KIHIPP.program@ky.gov
KCHIP website: https://kidshealth.ky.gov/Pages/index.aspx
Phone: 877-524-4718
Medicaid website: https://chfs.ky.gov
LOUISIANA – Medicaid
Website: www.medicaid.la.gov or www.ldh.la.gov/lahipp
Phone: 888-342-6207 (Medicaid hotline) or
855-618-5488 (LaHIPP)
MAINE – Medicaid
Enrollment website: https://www.maine.gov/dhhs/ofi/
applications-forms
Phone: 800-442-6003
TTY: Maine relay 711
Private health insurance premium webpage:
https://www.maine.gov/dhhs/ofi/applications-forms
Phone: 800-977-6740
TTY: Maine relay 711
MASSACHUSETTS – Medicaid and CHIP
Website: http://www.mass.gov/masshealth/pa
Phone: 800-862-4840
TTY: 617-886-8102
MINNESOTA – Medicaid
Website: https://mn.gov/dhs/people-we-serve/children-andfamilies/health-care/health-care-programs/programs-andservices/other-insurance.jsp
Phone: 800-657-3739
MISSOURI – Medicaid
Website:
http://www.dss.mo.gov/mhd/participants/pages/hipp.htm
Phone: 573-751-2005
MONTANA – Medicaid
Website:
http://dphhs.mt.gov/MontanaHealthcarePrograms/HIPP
Phone: 800-694-3084
Email: HHSHIPPProgram@mt.gov
If you live in one of the following states, you may be eligible for assistance paying your employer health plan premiums.
The following list of states is current as of July 31, 2022. Contact your state for more information on eligibility.
Legal information
291
NEBRASKA – Medicaid
Website: http://www.ACCESSNebraska.ne.gov
Phone: 855-632-7633
Lincoln: 402-473-7000
Omaha: 402-595-1178
NEVADA – Medicaid
Website: http://dhcfp.nv.gov
Phone: 800-992-0900
NEW HAMPSHIRE – Medicaid
Website: https://www.dhhs.nh.gov/programs-services/
medicaid/health-insurance-premium-program
Phone: 603-271-5218
Toll-free for HIPP program: 800-852-3345, ext 5218
NEW JERSEY – Medicaid and CHIP
Medicaid website:
http://www.state.nj.us/humanservices/dmahs/clients/medicaid
Medicaid phone: 609-631-2392
CHIP website: http://www.njfamilycare.org/index.html
CHIP phone: 800-701-0710
NEW YORK – Medicaid
Website: https://www.health.ny.gov/health_care/medicaid
Phone: 800-541-2831
NORTH CAROLINA – Medicaid
Website: https://medicaid.ncdhhs.gov
Phone: 919-855-4100
NORTH DAKOTA – Medicaid
Website:
http://www.nd.gov/dhs/services/medicalserv/medicaid
Phone: 844-854-4825
OKLAHOMA – Medicaid and CHIP
Website: http://www.insureoklahoma.org
Phone: 888-365-3742
OREGON – Medicaid
Website: http://healthcare.oregon.gov/Pages/index.aspx
http://www.oregonhealthcare.gov/index-es.html
Phone: 800-699-9075
PENNSYLVANIA – Medicaid
Website: https://www.dhs.pa.gov/Services/Assistance/
Pages/HIPP-Program.aspx
Phone: 800-692-7462
RHODE ISLAND – Medicaid and CHIP
Website: http://www.eohhs.ri.gov
Phone: 855-697-4347, or 401-462-0311 (Direct RIte Share Line)
SOUTH CAROLINA – Medicaid
Website: https://www.scdhhs.gov
Phone: 888-549-0820
SOUTH DAKOTA – Medicaid
Website: http://dss.sd.gov
Phone: 888-828-0059
TEXAS – Medicaid
Website: http://gethipptexas.com
Phone: 800-440-0493
UTAH – Medicaid and CHIP
Medicaid website: https://medicaid.utah.gov
CHIP website: http://health.utah.gov/chip
Phone: 877-543-7669
VERMONT – Medicaid
Website: http://www.greenmountaincare.org
Phone: 800-250-8427
VIRGINIA – Medicaid and CHIP
Website: https://www.coverva.org/en/famis-select
https://www.coverva.org/en/hipp
Medicaid/CHIP phone: 800-432-5924
WASHINGTON – Medicaid
Website: https://www.hca.wa.gov
Phone: 800-562-3022
WEST VIRGINIA – Medicaid and CHIP
Website: https://dhhr.wv.gov/bms
http://mywvhipp.com
Medicaid phone: 855-MyWVHIPP (855-699-8447)
CHIP toll-free phone: 855-MyWVHIPP (855-699-8447)
WISCONSIN – Medicaid and CHIP
Website:
https://www.dhs.wisconsin.gov/badgercareplus/p-10095.htm
Phone: 800-362-3002
WYOMING – Medicaid
Website: https://health.wyo.gov/healthcarefin/medicaid/
programs-and-eligibility
Phone: 800-251-1269
To see if any other states have added a premium assistance program since July 31, 2022, or for more information
on special enrollment rights, contact either:
U.S. Department of Labor
Employee Benefits Security Administration
dol.gov/ebsa
866-444-EBSA (3272)
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
cms.hhs.gov
877-267-2323, Menu Option 4, Ext. 61565
Legal information
292
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Valued Plan Participant
THE ASSOCIATES’ HEALTH AND WELFARE PLAN (AHWP) RESPECTS THE DIGNITY OF
EACH INDIVIDUAL WHO PARTICIPATES IN THE PLAN.
The AHWP does not discriminate on the basis of race,
color, national origin, sex, age, or disability and strictly
prohibits retaliation against any person making a complaint
of discrimination. Additionally, we gladly provide our
participants with language assistance, auxiliary aids and
services at no cost. We value you as our participant and
your satisfaction is important to us.
If you need such assistance or have concerns with your Plan
services, please call the number on the back of your plan
ID card. If you have any questions or concerns, please use
one of the methods below so that we can better serve you.
For assistance, call the number on the back of your plan
ID card.
To learn about or use our grievance process, contact
People Services at 1-800-421-1362.
To file a complaint of discrimination, contact the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services, Office of
Civil Rights:
Phone: 1-800-368-1019 or 1-800-537-7697 (TDD)
Website: https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/cp/wizard_cp.jsf
Email: OCRComplaint@hhs.gov
Interpreter services are available at no cost:
1-800-421-1362.
Français
Des services d’interprètes sont disponibles sans frais.
1-800-421-1362.
kreyòl ayisye
Gen Sèvis entèprèt ki disponib gratis. 1-800-421-1362.
Polski
Usługi tłumacza dostępne są bez żadnych kosztów.
1‑800‑421‑1362.
Português (Brasil)
Serviços de interprete estão disponíveis grátis.
1‑800‑421‑1362.
Română
Serviciile de interpretariat sunt disponibile gratuit.
1‑800‑421‑1362.
Af-Soomaali
Adeegyada Turjumaanka waxaa lagu heli karaa kharash la’aan.
1‑800‑421‑1362.
Español
Los servicios de interpretación están disponibles de manera
gratuita. 1‑800‑421‑1362.
Kiswahili
Huduma za tafsiri zipo bila malipo. 1-800-421-1362.
Legal information
293
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
The legal name of the Plan is the Walmart 401(k) Plan. This document is being provided solely by your
employer. No affiliate of Bank of America Corporation has reviewed or participated in the creation
of the information contained herein.
The Walmart
401(k) Plan
Walmart 401(k) Plan eligibility 296
Enrolling in the Plan 297
Your Walmart 401(k) Plan accounts 297
Making a rollover from a previous employer’s plan or IRA 298
Repaying certain distributions to the Plan 298
Making contributions to your account 298
Making an In-Plan Roth Conversion 300
Walmart’s contributions to your Company Match Account 300
Investing your account 301
More about owning Walmart stock 302
Account balances and statements 303
Receiving a payout while working for Walmart 303
If you die: your designated beneficiary 305
If you get divorced 306
If you leave Walmart 306
If you leave and are rehired by Walmart 307
The income tax consequences of a payout 308
Filing a Walmart 401(k) Plan claim 310
Administrative information 311
Special tax notice addendum 313
Special tax notice addendum: Roth contributions 317
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
295
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Enroll in or change your pretax contribution and/or your catch‑up
contribution
Go to One.Walmart.com
or the Plan’s website at
benefits.ml.com
Call the Customer
Service Center at
888‑968‑4015
• Enroll in or change your pretax, Roth, and/or your catch‑up contributions
• Set‑up periodic automatic increases to your contribution rate
• Request an In‑Plan Roth Conversion
• Request a rollover packet to make a rollover contribution
• Get a fee disclosure sheet
• Get information about your Plan accounts
• Get a copy of your quarterly statement
• Request a hardship withdrawal or a withdrawal after you reach age 59½
• Request a withdrawal to assist with birth or adoption expenses
• Change your investment fund choices
• Request a payout when you leave Walmart
• Get information about your Plan investment options
• Request a withdrawal of your rollover contributions
• Request a loan from your Plan account
Go to benefits.ml.com Call the Customer
Service Center at
888‑968‑4015
Designate a beneficiary Go to One.Walmart.com
What you need to know about the Walmart 401(k) Plan
• You are eligible to make your own contributions to the Plan as soon as administratively feasible after your hire date.
You can contribute from 1% to 50% of your eligible pay each pay period.
• You can elect to make pretax salary deferral contributions and/or Roth salary deferral contributions. Pretax salary
deferral contributions (and earnings thereon) are not subject to current federal income tax and, in most cases, state
or local taxes, until distributed from the Plan. Roth salary deferral contributions are made on an after-tax basis, but the
contributions and, in most cases, the earnings thereon are not subject to federal income tax when distributed to you
(as long as the distribution meets certain requirements).
• You are also eligible to convert pretax contributions to after‑tax Roth contributions by requesting an In‑Plan
Roth Conversion.
• If you are credited with at least 1,000 hours of service in your first year and contribute to your account, you begin
receiving matching contributions on the first day of the calendar month following your first anniversary of employment.
• After you become eligible for matching contributions, Walmart matches each dollar you contribute, up to 6% of your
eligible annual pay. (Contributions you make before you become eligible for matching contributions are not matched.)
• You are always 100% vested in the money you contribute and the money Walmart contributes to your Company Match Account.
• You choose how to invest all contributions to your Plan account.
• If you do not specify how your contributions will be invested, they are automatically invested in the Plan’s default
investment option, the myRetirement Funds.
• The Plan accepts rollover contributions from other eligible retirement plans. You can withdraw your rollover contributions
at any time.
• You may request a loan from your Plan account, subject to Plan rules.
• You can now request a withdrawal of up to $5,000 in connection with the birth or adoption of your child.
This is a summary of benefits offered under the Plan as of October 1, 2022 (unless otherwise noted). Should any questions
arise about the nature and extent of your benefits, the formal language of the Plan document, not the informal wording of
this summary, will govern.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
296
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Walmart 401(k) Plan eligibility
ASSOCIATES WHO ARE ELIGIBLE TO
PARTICIPATE IN THE PLAN
All associates of Walmart Inc. or a participating subsidiary
are eligible to participate in the Plan, except:
• Leased employees; nonresident aliens with no income from
U.S. sources; independent contractors or consultants
• Anyone not treated as an employee of Walmart or its
participating subsidiaries
• Associates covered by a collective bargaining agreement,
to the extent that the agreement does not provide for
participation in this Plan, and
• Associates represented by a collective bargaining
representative after Walmart has negotiated in good faith to
impasse with the representative on the question of benefits.
For purposes of this Summary Plan Description, all
participating subsidiaries are referred to as “Walmart.”
WHEN PARTICIPATION BEGINS
For purposes of your contributions. If you are an eligible
associate, you may begin contributing to the Plan as soon as
administratively feasible after your date of hire is entered
into the payroll system. See Enrolling in the Plan later in this
summary for details about the enrollment process.
For purposes of matching contributions. If you are an eligible
associate, you will begin receiving matching contributions
on the first day of the calendar month following your first
anniversary of employment with Walmart if you are credited
with at least 1,000 hours of service during your first year and
are contributing your own contributions (pretax contributions
and/or Roth contributions) to the Plan. (If you are classified as
a highly compensated employee, you must also have attained
age 21.) (Matching contributions are not made with respect
to contributions you make before you become eligible for
matching contributions.) For example, if your date of hire
was December 15, 2021 and you are credited with 1,095 hours
by December 15, 2022 (your first anniversary), then you will
begin receiving matching contributions on January 1, 2023,
with respect to any contributions you make to the Plan on or
after that date.
If you are not credited with 1,000 hours of service during
your first year, your eligibility for the matching contributions
will be determined on hours credited during the Plan year,
which runs from February 1 to January 31. You will be eligible
to receive matching contributions on any contributions you
make to the Plan on or after the February 1 that follows the
Plan year in which you are credited with at least 1,000 hours
of service. For example, if your date of hire is December
15, 2021, and you are credited with only 895 hours by
December 15, 2022 (your first anniversary), but you work
1,095 hours during the February 1, 2022–January 31, 2023
Plan year, you will begin receiving matching contributions on
February 1, 2023 with respect to any contributions you make
to the Plan on or after that date.
If you leave Walmart during your first year and you are
credited with more than 500 hours of service, you will
retain your hours and first anniversary date for purposes of
determining eligibility for matching contributions. If you are
later rehired, your eligibility for matching contributions will be
determined on hours worked during the Plan year, which runs
from February 1 to January 31, unless you are credited with
1,000 hours of service prior to your first anniversary date.
For example, if your date of hire is December 15, 2021,
and you leave Walmart on February 25, 2022, with 600
hours of service, you will retain your hours of service and
first anniversary date for matching eligibility purposes.
If you return to Walmart on November 1, 2022 (prior to
your first anniversary date) and are not credited with
1,000 hours of service by your first anniversary date of
December 15, 2022, you will begin receiving matching
contributions on any contributions you make to the Plan on
or after the February 1 that follows the Plan year in which
you are credited with at least 1,000 hours of service.
HOW HOURS OF SERVICE ARE CREDITED
UNDER THE PLAN
If you are an hourly associate, the hours counted toward the
1,000-hour requirement are credited as follows:
• Hours, including overtime hours, you work for Walmart or
any subsidiary are counted.
• Hours for which you receive paid leave or personal time off
are also counted.
• When a payroll period overlaps two Plan years, hours
are credited toward the Plan year in which they are
actually worked.
If you are a salaried associate or truck driver, the hours
counted toward the 1,000-hour requirement are credited
as follows:
• You are credited with 190 hours per month for each month
in which you work at least one hour for Walmart or a
subsidiary.
• In general, you must work at least six months of the Plan
year to have 1,000 hours credited for the year. (Vacation
paid to you in cash after you leave Walmart does not give
you additional service for this purpose.)
If you become an associate of Walmart or any subsidiary as
the result of the acquisition of your prior employer, special
service crediting rules may apply to you.
Under the Uniformed Services Employment and
Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA), veterans
who return to Walmart or a subsidiary after a qualifying
deployment may be eligible to have their qualified military
service considered toward their hours of service under the
Plan. Call People Services at 800-421-1362 for more details.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
297
Enrolling in the Plan
Shortly after you become eligible to contribute to the Plan,
(i.e., shortly after your date of hire), you will receive an
enrollment packet at your home address on file. This packet
tells you how you can make contributions from your pay
into your Pretax Account and/or Roth Account and explains
how you can direct the investment of your Plan funds
by choosing from among a menu of investment options
with varying investment objectives and associated risks.
Because the Plan is intended to be an important source for
your financial security at retirement, you should read all
information pertaining to the Plan carefully.
Once you satisfy the eligibility requirements for receiving
matching contributions, Walmart will match all of your
subsequent contributions dollar-for-dollar up to 6%
of eligible annual pay, as explained in the Walmart’s
contributions to your Company Match Account section.
To begin contributing to the Plan, enroll online at
One.Walmart.com or benefits.ml.com. You can also call the
Customer Service Center at 888-968-4015. Note, however,
that if you wish to make Roth contributions to the Plan, you
must enroll at benefits.ml.com. You can enroll at any time
after you become eligible.
When you enroll, you can choose:
• The percentage of your pay that you want to contribute
on a per-pay-period basis and whether your contributions
will be pretax contributions or Roth contributions or a
combination of both (see Making contributions to your
account later in this summary), and
• How to invest your accounts among the Plan’s investment
options. The Plan’s investment options and procedures are
described in your enrollment packet.
After you enroll, a confirmation notice will be mailed
to your home address, or, if you have chosen electronic
delivery of Plan materials, you will receive an email
notification when the confirmation is available. The
confirmation will show the percentage of your pay that you
have chosen to contribute from each check, whether you
elected to make pretax contributions or Roth contributions,
or both, and the investment options you have elected.
Review the confirmation to make sure your enrollment
information is correct.
Your contributions to the Plan will start as soon as
administratively feasible, normally within two pay periods
after you enroll. No contributions are taken from your
pay before you become an eligible participant in the Plan.
Only participants who contribute their own funds to the
Plan will have those contributions matched by Walmart,
subject to eligibility requirements outlined in the Walmart’s
contributions to your Company Match Account section.
It is your responsibility to review your paychecks to confirm
that your election is implemented correctly. If you believe
your election has not been implemented correctly, notify
the Customer Service Center at 888-968-4015 in a
timely manner so that corrective steps can be taken. Your
notification will not be considered timely if it is made more
than three months after the date you make your election.
Your Walmart 401(k) Plan accounts
The Walmart 401(k) Plan consists of several accounts. You
will have some or all of the following accounts:
• Pretax Account: This account holds your pretax
contributions to the Plan (including your catch-up
contributions, if any), as adjusted for earnings or losses on
those contributions.
• Roth Account: This account holds your Roth contributions
to the Plan (including your Roth catch-up contributions,
if any), as adjusted for earnings or losses on those
contributions. The Roth Account will also hold any amounts
you elected to convert in an In-Plan Roth Conversion, to
the extent those amounts were not otherwise distributable
under the Plan at the time of conversion, as adjusted for
earnings or losses.
• Company Match Account: This account holds Walmart’s
matching contributions, as adjusted for earnings or losses
on those contributions.
• Pretax Rollover Account: This account holds any
contributions that you rolled over to this Plan from
another eligible retirement plan, as adjusted for earnings
or losses on those contributions.
• Roth Rollover Account: This account holds any amounts
you rolled over to this Plan from your designated Roth
salary deferral account in another eligible retirement plan,
as well as any amounts that you elected to convert in an
In-Plan Roth Conversion, to the extent those amounts
were otherwise distributable under the Plan at the time of
conversion, as adjusted for earnings or losses.
• Company Funded 401(k) Account: This account holds the
discretionary Walmart contributions to the Plan made for
Plan years ended on or before January 31, 2011, as adjusted
for earnings or losses on those contributions.
• Company Funded Profit Sharing Account: This account
holds the discretionary Walmart contributions to the Plan
made for Plan years ended on or before January 31, 2011, as
adjusted for earnings or losses on those contributions.
Differences between these accounts are discussed in more
detail throughout this summary.
Note that if you become an associate of Walmart or any
subsidiary as the result of the acquisition of your prior
employer, and you participated in your prior employer’s
401(k) plan, you may have other accounts in this Plan that
hold amounts you contributed to your prior employer’s
plan. If you think this applies to you, you can obtain more
information on your other accounts by calling the Customer
Service Center at 888-968-4015.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
298
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Making a rollover from a previous
employer’s plan or IRA
When you come to work for Walmart, you may have funds
owed to you from a previous employer’s retirement plan
(including a 401(k) plan, a profit-sharing plan, a 403(b)
plan of a tax-exempt employer or a 457(b) plan of a
governmental employer). If so, you may be able to roll over
that money to this Plan. You may also roll over pretax funds
you have in an individual retirement account (IRA). You may
generally roll over only pretax funds, but you may directly
roll into the Plan amounts from a designated Roth salary
deferral account in another qualified retirement plan. If you
roll over funds to this Plan, keep these points in mind:
• Once you roll funds into the Walmart 401(k) Plan, those
funds are subject to the rules of this Plan, including payout
rules, and not the rules of your former employer’s plan or
your IRA
• Your rollover contribution will be placed in your Rollover
Account or your Roth Rollover Account, as applicable, and
will be 100% vested, and
• You may withdraw all or any portion of your rollover
contributions at any time.
If you’re interested in making a rollover contribution to the
Plan, contact the Customer Service Center at 888-968-4015
or visit benefits.ml.com to obtain a rollover packet.
Repaying certain distributions to
the Plan
If you previously received one of the following types of
distributions from the Plan, you may repay all or any part of
those distributions to the Plan and they will be considered
part of your Rollover Account, subject to the rules above:
• If you were a “qualified individual” and received a CARES
Act distribution from the Plan between April 20, 2020 and
December 31, 2020 (or from another eligible retirement
plan between January 1, 2020 and December 31, 2020), you
may recontribute all or part of that distribution into this
Plan as long as you are otherwise eligible to make a rollover
to the Plan and you do so within three years of the date you
received the distribution. You generally were a “qualified
individual” if you or a family member were diagnosed with
COVID-19 or experienced financial consequences as the
result of COVID-19’s impact on your work.
• If you receive a qualified birth or adoption distribution
from this Plan after February 1, 2022 and you are otherwise
eligible to make a rollover to the Plan, you can recontribute
all or part of that distribution to the Plan at any time.
If you’re interested in recontributing all or part of your
prior distribution to the Plan, contact the Customer Service
Center at 888-968-4015 or visit benefits.ml.com.
Making contributions to your account
After you become a participant in the Plan, you may
generally choose to contribute from 1% up to 50% of
each paycheck to your Pretax Account and/or your Roth
Account. Your contributions (including both pretax
contributions and Roth contributions) in any calendar year,
however, may not exceed a limit set by the IRS. For 2023,
the limit is $22,500. This amount will be increased from time
to time by the IRS.
The IRS also limits the amount of compensation that can be
taken into account under the Plan for any participant for
a Plan year. For the Plan year ending January 31, 2023, this
limit is $330,000.
In addition, you can choose whether your contributions
will be “pretax contributions” and/or “Roth contributions.”
Together, these contributions are called your “401(k)
contributions” in this summary.
• Pretax contributions are deducted from your pay before
federal income taxes are withheld. This means that you
don’t pay federal income taxes on amounts you contribute
to the Plan. Earnings on these contributions accumulate
tax-free and are not taxed until your Pretax Account is
actually distributed to you from the Plan (or until you elect
an In-Plan Roth Conversion). You may also save on state
and local taxes as well, depending on your location. Please
note that your contributions are subject to Social Security
taxes in the year the amount is deducted from your pay.
Distributions from the Plan, however, are not subject to
Social Security taxes.
• Roth contributions are deducted from your pay after
federal income taxes are withheld. This means that you pay
federal and state income taxes, and also Social Security
taxes, on amounts you contribute to the Plan in the year the
amount is deducted from your pay. Roth contributions, and
earnings on those contributions, are normally not subject
to federal and state income tax when your Roth Account is
distributed to you from the Plan. In order for the earnings
to be tax-free, the distribution must be a “qualified”
distribution, as explained later. (Note that income
limitations applicable to Roth IRAs are not applicable to
Roth contributions to the Plan. You may choose to make
Roth contributions regardless of your income.)
In addition, if you make contributions to the Plan, you
may be eligible for a “Saver’s Credit.” If you are a married
taxpayer who files a joint tax return and you have an
adjusted gross income (AGI) of $73,000 or less (for 2023) or
a single taxpayer with $36,500 or less (for 2023) in AGI on
your tax return, you are eligible for this tax credit, which can
reduce your taxes. For more details, your tax preparer may
refer to IRS Announcement 2001-106.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
299
HOW YOUR 401(K) CONTRIBUTION
IS DETERMINED
The percentage of pay you elect to contribute to the Plan is
applied to the following types of pay:
• Regular salary or wages, including bonuses and any
pretax dollars you use for your pretax contributions or
to purchase benefits available under the Walmart Inc.
Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan
• Overtime, paid time off (used and paid out), bereavement,
jury duty, and premium pay
• Most incentive plan payments
• Holiday bonuses
• Special recognition awards, such as the Outstanding
Performance Award
• Differential wage payments you receive from Walmart
while you are on a qualified military leave. This means that
the contribution you have in effect when you go on the
leave will continue to be applied to your differential wage
payments while you are on the leave unless you change
your election, and
• Transition pay designated as relating to a WARN Act event.
The percentage of pay you elect to contribute to the Plan
will not be applied to the following types of pay:
• The 15% Walmart match on the Associate Stock
Purchase Plan
• Reimbursement for expenses like relocation
• Approved disability pay
• Equity income, including income from stock options or
restricted stock rights, or
• Upon your termination of employment, a final paycheck
paid prior to the end of a normal pay cycle (unless it is
administratively practicable to withhold your contribution
from that paycheck).
CHANGING YOUR 401(K)
CONTRIBUTION AMOUNT
You can increase, decrease, stop, or begin your contributions
at any time by logging on to One.Walmart.com or
benefits.ml.com. You may also call the Customer Service
Center at 888-968-4015. Your change will be effective
as soon as administratively feasible, normally within two
pay periods. If you change your contribution amount, a
confirmation notice will be sent to your home address or, if
you have chosen electronic delivery of Plan documents, you
will receive an email notification when the confirmation is
available. It is your responsibility to review your paychecks to
confirm that your election is implemented correctly. If you
believe your election has not been implemented correctly,
notify the Customer Service Center at 888-968-4015 in
a timely manner, so that corrective steps can be taken.
Your notification will not be considered timely if it is more
than three months after the date you make your election.
If you do not notify the Customer Service Center in a
timely manner, the amount that is being withheld from your
paycheck will be treated as your deferral election.
IF YOU ARE AGE 50 OR OLDER
(CATCH‑UP CONTRIBUTIONS)
If you are age 50 or older (or will be age 50 by the end
of the applicable calendar year) and you are contributing
up to the Plan or legal limits, you are allowed to make
additional contributions. These are called “catch-up
contributions” and are made by payroll deduction just like
your other contributions. You can choose whether your
catch-up contributions will be either pretax contributions
or Roth contributions, or both. For 2023, your catch‑up
contributions may be any amount up to the lesser of
$7,500 or 75% of your eligible annual pay. The dollar
amount may be adjusted from time to time by the IRS.
Your catch-up contributions will be credited to your Pretax
Account or your Roth Account, depending on which type
of contributions you elect to make. Remember, Roth
contributions can be made only at benefits.ml.com.
For example, if you elect to contribute the maximum
amount in the 2023 calendar year, which is the lesser of
$22,500 or the maximum percentage of your eligible annual
pay allowed under the Plan, you could elect to contribute up
to an additional $7,500 during the 2023 calendar year. If you
are interested in making catch-up contributions, you can
enroll online at One.Walmart.com or benefits.ml.com, or by
calling the Customer Service Center at 888-968-4015.
CONTRIBUTING TO MORE THAN ONE PLAN
DURING THE YEAR
The maximum total amount you can contribute (including
pretax contributions and Roth contributions) to this Plan
and to any other employer plan (including 403(b) annuity
plans, simplified employee pensions or other 401(k) plans)
is $22,500 for the 2023 calendar year, or $30,000 if you
are eligible for catch-up contributions. This amount may be
increased from time to time by the IRS. If you contribute to
more than one plan during the year, it is your responsibility
to determine if you have exceeded the legal limit.
If your total contributions go over the legal limit for a
calendar year, you should request that the excess amount be
refunded to you. The excess amount (except as noted below
with respect to Roth contributions) must be included in your
income for the year deferred and will be taxed. Earnings on
the excess amount are taxable in the year refunded to you. In
addition, if the excess amount is not refunded to you by April
15 following the year the amount was deferred, you will be
taxed a second time when the excess amount is distributed
to you. To request that excess contributions be returned to
you from this Plan, contact the Customer Service Center at
888-968-4015 no later than April 1 following the calendar 
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
300
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
year in which the excess contributions were made. The
Administrator will establish procedures for determining
whether your pretax contributions or Roth contributions
will be returned to you, if you contributed both types of
contributions during the calendar year. To the extent excess
amounts are distributed from your Roth contributions, the
Roth contributions will not be taxable to you, but related
earnings that are distributed will be taxable to you. Any
matching contributions related to refunded contributions
will be forfeited.
IF YOU HAVE QUALIFIED MILITARY SERVICE
If you miss work because of qualified military service, you
may be entitled under the Uniformed Services Employment
and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) to make
up contributions you miss during your military service
(that is, to make contributions equal to the amount you
would have been eligible to make if you were working for
Walmart). For more information, contact the Customer
Service Center at 888-968-4015.
Making an In-Plan Roth Conversion
You can choose to convert all or any part of the vested
contributions in your account (other than Roth contributions
and related earnings, and funds that are part of an outstanding
loan balance) to Roth contributions through an “In-Plan
Roth Conversion.” The contributions you choose to convert,
along with any earnings on those contributions through the
date of the conversion, will be subject to applicable federal,
state, and local taxes in the year of conversion. No taxes will
be withheld at the time of conversion, however, so it will be
up to you to ensure that you can pay the related taxes when
due. Accordingly you may want to increase your payroll
withholdings or make estimated tax payments. The amount
converted is not subject to a 10% penalty. Once converted,
the funds may not be converted back to pretax funds.
The rules applicable to your funds after conversion
differ depending on whether the funds were eligible for
distribution from the Plan at the time of the conversion.
• If the funds you convert were otherwise eligible for
distribution (for instance, you are age 59½) and eligible for
rollover, then the funds will be treated as though they were
distributed from the Plan and then rolled back into the
Plan. This means they will be credited to your Roth Rollover
Account and may be withdrawn at any time.
• If the funds you convert were not eligible for distribution,
they will be credited to your Roth Account and will remain
subject to the same distribution rules after the conversion
as they were before the conversion. For instance, if you
elect to convert your pretax salary deferral contributions,
those funds generally will not be eligible for distribution
until you reach age 59½, incur a financial hardship, or
terminate employment.
Walmart’s contributions to your
Company Match Account
Once you are eligible to receive matching contributions,
Walmart will make matching contributions to your
Company Match Account equal to 100% of your subsequent
contributions (including pretax, Roth, and catch-up
contributions) for the Plan year, up to 6% of your eligible
annual pay for the Plan year. Matching contributions are
not made with respect to contributions you make before
you become eligible for matching contributions. After you
become eligible for matching contributions, the company
matching contribution will be made to your Company Match
Account each pay period until you reach the full amount
of the company matching contribution for which you are
eligible for that Plan year. Your eligible annual pay for this
purpose is the same as outlined above for determining
your 401(k) contributions to the Plan, but does not include
amounts paid to you before you become eligible to receive
matching contributions.
NOTE: The matching contribution limit is applied on a Plan
year basis (February 1–January 31). Because the dollar limit
on your 401(k) contributions ($22,500 for 2023) is applied
on a calendar year basis, it is important that you consider
the timing of your 401(k) contributions to ensure that
you receive the full matching contribution. For instance,
if you contribute the full $22,500 in 401(k) contributions
in January of 2023, you may not receive a matching
contribution on those amounts if you have already received
the maximum matching contribution limit earlier in the Plan
year ended January 31, 2023.
As previously noted, if you miss work because of qualified
military service, you may be entitled under USERRA to
make up 401(k) contributions that you missed during your
military service. If you do make up any 401(k) contributions,
Walmart is required to make up matching contributions you
would have received with respect to those contributions.
If you think this rule applies to you, contact People Services
at 800-421-1362.
VESTING IN YOUR COMPANY MATCH ACCOUNT
You are always 100% vested in Walmart’s matching
contributions to your Company Match Account.
VESTING IN YOUR COMPANY FUNDED PROFIT
SHARING ACCOUNT
If you have a Company Funded Profit Sharing Account (see
Your Walmart 401(k) Plan accounts earlier in this summary),
the vested percentage of your Company Funded Profit
Sharing Account is the portion that you are entitled to
receive if you leave Walmart. Your account statements show
your vested percentage.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
301
You become vested in your Company Funded Profit Sharing
Account (other than rollovers in that account, which are
always 100% vested) depending on your years of service
with Walmart as follows:
PROFIT SHARING VESTING SCHEDULE*
Years of service Vested percentage
Less than 2 0%
2 20%
3 40%
4 60%
5 80%
6 or more 100%
*Applies to participants actively employed on or after
January 31, 2008.
NOTE: If you terminated employment before February 1,
2007, your payout was based on the prior vesting schedule
and not the vesting schedule shown above.
A year of service for this purpose is a Plan year (February 1
–January 31) in which you are credited with at least 1,000
hours of service under the hours of service rules (see
How hours of service are credited under the Plan earlier
in this summary). If you are credited with less than 1,000
hours in a Plan year, your vesting does not increase for that
year. (Note that years of service for this purpose are not
determined by your anniversary date.)
If you leave Walmart because of retirement (at age 65
or older) or death, your Company Funded Profit Sharing
Account will be 100% vested, regardless of your years of
service. Your Company Funded Profit Sharing Account will
also be 100% vested if the Plan is ever terminated.
VESTING IN YOUR COMPANY FUNDED
401(K) ACCOUNT
You are always 100% vested in Walmart’s contributions to
your Company Funded 401(k) Account.
Investing your account
YOUR INVESTMENT OPTIONS
You decide how your accounts will be invested. You can choose:
• The myRetirement Funds. The myRetirement Funds are a
series of customized investment options created solely for
Plan participants by the Benefits Investment Committee,
and are commonly known as “target retirement date”
funds. The myRetirement Funds are diversified investment
options that automatically change their asset allocation
over time to become more conservative as you get closer
to retirement. This is done by shifting the amount of
money invested in more aggressive investments, such as
stocks, and allocating those amounts to more conservative
investments, such as bonds, as you near retirement.
• From among a menu of investment options made available
under the Plan. Note that Walmart stock is an investment
option only for your Company Funded Profit Sharing
Account. Walmart stock is not available for investment
through any of your other Plan accounts (although to the
extent these other accounts hold Walmart stock, you may
always sell such shares, but no future purchases of Walmart
stock are allowed).
You may choose one of the investment options or you may
spread your money among the various investment options.
The investment gains or losses on your accounts depend on
the performance of the investments you choose.
If you do not make an investment choice for current
contributions to your account, they will be invested in one
of the myRetirement Funds based on your age. For more
information, refer to the Qualified Default Investment
Alternative (QDIA) notice and the Investment Guide. These
documents can be obtained by going to benefits.ml.com or
by calling the Customer Service Center at 888-968-4015.
Because the Company Funded Profit Sharing Account
is an Employee Stock Ownership Plan, all or a significant
portion of Walmart’s profit-sharing contribution was
invested in Walmart stock for Plan years ending prior to
January 31, 2006. If you were a participant in the Plan
prior to that date, you may have Walmart stock in your
Company Funded Profit Sharing Account. For Plan years
ending January 31, 2007 or later, Walmart’s profit-sharing
contribution was not invested in Walmart stock.
A description of all investment options, including the
myRetirement Funds, is included in the enrollment packet
you receive when you are eligible to enroll. You also may
obtain additional information for each investment option by
reviewing the Annual Participant Fee Disclosure Notice and
Investment Guide. You may obtain these documents free of
charge by accessing your account online at benefits.ml.com
or by calling the Customer Service Center at 888-968-4015.
Please note that this Plan is intended to be an “ERISA
Section 404(c) plan.” This means that you assume all
investment risks connected with the investment options you
choose in the Plan, or in which your funds are invested if you
fail to make investment selections, including the increase
or decrease in market value. Walmart Inc., the Benefits
Investment Committee, and the trustee are not responsible
for losses to your accounts which are the direct and
necessary result of investment decisions you make or, if you
fail to make an affirmative investment decision, as a result
of your accounts being invested in a default fund.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
302
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
If you have a Company Funded Profit Sharing Account (see
Your Walmart 401(k) Plan accounts earlier in this summary)
and you choose to invest some or all of your Company
Funded Profit Sharing Account in Walmart stock or retain
Walmart stock in your other accounts, be aware that since
this option is a single stock investment, it generally carries
more risk than the options offered through the Plan.
HOW TO OBTAIN MORE INVESTMENT
INFORMATION
It is also important to periodically review your investment
portfolio, your investment objectives, and the investment
options under the Plan to help ensure that your investments
are in line with your objectives and your risk tolerance.
For more sources of information on individual investing
and diversification, visit the website of the Department
of Labor’s Employee Benefits Security Administration
at www.dol.gov/agencies/ebsa and type “investing and
diversification” in the search field.
You may obtain more specific information regarding your
investment rights and investment options under the Plan at
benefits.ml.com or by calling the Customer Service Center
at 888-968-4015.
CHANGING YOUR INVESTMENT CHOICES
You can change your investment choices at any time online
at benefits.ml.com or by calling the Customer Service
Center at 888-968-4015. If you make an investment change,
a confirmation notice will be sent to your home address or
you will receive an email notification when the confirmation
is available if you have chosen electronic delivery of your
Plan materials. It is your responsibility to make sure your
change is made. If you do not receive a confirmation notice
or you do not see that your change has been applied, contact
the Customer Service Center at 888-968-4015.
If you call the Customer Service Center prior to 3:00 p.m.
Eastern time, your investment change generally will be
processed on the day you call. Depending on the investment
change, there may be up to a three-day settlement period
before your funds are invested in your new election.
DIVERSIFICATION
To help you diversify your retirement savings, the Plan offers
a variety of investment options with different levels of risk
and potential for increase in value. To “diversify” means that
you spread your assets among different types of investments.
To help achieve long-term retirement security, you should
give careful consideration to the benefits of a well-balanced
and diversified investment portfolio. This strategy can help
reduce risk and may provide consistent returns because a
decline in the value of one investment may potentially be
offset by an increase in the value of another. If you invest
more than 20% of your retirement savings in any one stock,
such as Walmart stock, or any one industry, your savings may
not be properly diversified. Although diversification cannot
ensure a profit or protect against loss, it can be an effective
strategy to help you manage investment risk.
When deciding how to invest your retirement savings, you
should take into account all of your assets, including any
retirement savings outside of the Plan. For example, you
may own Walmart stock through other means. No single
approach is right for everyone because, among other
factors, individuals have different financial goals, different
time horizons for meeting their goals, and different
tolerances for risk. Keep in mind your rights to diversify
your Plan account and carefully consider how you choose
to invest your Plan account. For information about your
right to diversify your account and all of the investment
options available under the Plan, access your account online
at benefits.ml.com or call the Customer Service Center at
888-968-4015. It is also important to periodically review
your investment portfolio, your investment objectives, and
the investment options under the Plan to help ensure that
your investments remain appropriate for your retirement
goals and your tolerance for investment risk. For more
sources on individual investing and diversification, visit the
website of the Department of Labor’s Employee Benefits
Security Administration at www.dol.gov/agencies/ebsa and
type “investing and diversification” in the search field.
More about owning Walmart stock
VOTING
If any of your account is invested in Walmart stock through
the Plan, each year you will receive all of the materials
generally distributed to the shareholders of Walmart,
including an instruction card telling the trustee how you
would like the shares in your Plan account to be voted.
The materials are mailed to your home address or sent
electronically, based on your online elections.
You can instruct the trustee, through the company’s
transfer agent, to vote Walmart stock held in your Plan
accounts. This usually occurs in May of each year. Your
instructions to the transfer agent and the trustee are kept
confidential at all times. You send your voting instructions
directly to the transfer agent, who compiles the votes
and notifies the Benefits Investment Committee of the
total votes cast. The Benefits Investment Committee then
notifies the Plan trustee of the total votes to be cast.
If you do not provide instruction to the trustee on how
you would like your shares voted, the Benefits Investment
Committee will vote those shares at its discretion. If neither
you nor the Benefits Investment Committee exercise voting
rights, the trustee or an independent fiduciary appointed by
the trustee may vote the unvoted shares.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
303
CONFIDENTIALITY
Procedures have been designed to protect the confidentiality
of your rights with respect to shares of Walmart stock held
under the Plan, including the right to purchase, sell, hold,
or vote on proxy matters. For example, procedures with
the Company’s transfer agent for Walmart stock have been
implemented that prevent Walmart Inc. and the Benefits
Investment Committee from finding out how any individual
participant or beneficiary voted (except as necessary to
comply with securities laws) and from having access to your
individual proxy cards or proxy card shareholder comments.
In addition, access to information about your decisions to
buy, sell, or hold Walmart stock generally is limited to those
assisting in the administration of the Plan. The Benefits
Investment Committee is responsible for ensuring that these
procedures are sufficient to protect the confidentiality of
this information and that the procedures are being followed.
If the Benefits Investment Committee determines that a
situation has potential for undue influence by the Walmart
with respect to your rights as shareholder (through your
Plan Account), the Benefits Investment Committee will
appoint an independent party to perform activities that are
necessary to prevent undue influence.
DIVIDENDS ON YOUR WALMART STOCK
If you have Walmart stock in your accounts, your accounts
will be credited with any dividends paid by Walmart Inc.
with respect to its stock. Dividends allocated to your Pretax
Account, your Company Funded 401(k) Account or your
401(k) Rollover Account will be automatically reinvested
in Walmart stock. Dividends allocated to your Company
Funded Profit Sharing Account (and Profit Sharing Rollover
Account) will also be reinvested in Walmart stock, except as
noted below.
If you are an active participant (excludes beneficiaries and
alternate payees, as defined in the If you get divorced section)
with six or more years of service, you have an option to take
a cash payout of any dividends paid on Walmart stock held
in your Company Funded Profit Sharing Account or Profit
Sharing Rollover Account (even if those amounts have been
converted to a Roth Account or a Roth Rollover Account).
Also, if you are a terminated participant who had more than
six years of service when you terminated and you continue
to maintain your accounts in the Plan after you leave, you will
have the option to elect a cash payout of dividends paid on
Walmart stock held in your Company Funded Profit Sharing
Account or Profit Sharing Rollover Account (even if those
amounts have been converted to a Roth Account or a Roth
Rollover Account). If you do not opt for the cash payout, your
dividends will be reinvested in Walmart stock.
You may make an election any time by calling the Customer
Service Center at 888-968-4015. Your most recently filed
election will apply to all subsequent dividends until you
change your election. (You may change your election only
once each business day.) Keep in mind that your election
must be made no later than the close of business on the
day prior to the record date for the dividend in order to be
effective for that dividend. You will not be able to make any
elections or election changes during the period from the
record date of the dividend through the dividend pay date
(which is usually three to four weeks after the record date).
Each year, Walmart Inc. releases the quarterly record dates
for dividend payouts. You can find this information on
walmart.com. You may also contact the Customer Service
Center at 888-968-4015 if you need information about
upcoming record dates for dividends. Keep in mind that a
dividend payout is taxable to you.
Note that if you request a hardship payout within five
business days of the record date for a dividend and you have
the right to elect a cash distribution of the dividend, tax laws
require that the dividend be automatically paid to you in cash.
Account balances and statements
At least once a year, you’ll receive a statement on your
accounts showing contributions made by you and by
Walmart, if any, the performance of your investment
options, the values of your accounts, and fees assessed to
your account. You can easily get information about your
accounts, including a quarterly statement, at any time
online at benefits.ml.com or by calling the Customer
Service Center at 888-968-4015. You can also request a
paper copy of any quarterly statement at any time free of
charge by calling the Customer Service Center.
FEES CHARGED TO YOUR ACCOUNT
Administrative and investment fees may be assessed to
your accounts. Information on fees can be found in the
Annual Participant Fee Disclosure Notice and online at
benefits.ml.com.
Receiving a payout while working
for Walmart
Generally, you are not entitled to a payout from the
Walmart 401(k) Plan until you stop working for Walmart.
However, in the following limited situations you may be
entitled to receive a payout or loan of some or all of your
vested accounts while you’re still working:
• In the case of a financial hardship.
• After you reach age 59½.
• In connection with the birth or adoption of your child.
• Rollovers can be withdrawn at any time.
• You may request a loan from your Plan account.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
304
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
It’s important to understand how any type of payout or loan
from the Walmart 401(k) Plan affects your tax situation.
For more information, see The income tax consequences
of a payout later in this summary.
Note that if you become an associate of Walmart or any
subsidiary as the result of the acquisition of your prior
employer, and you participated in your prior employer’s
401(k) plan and that plan was merged into this Plan, you may
have other withdrawal options with respect to amounts from
your prior employer’s plan. For more information regarding
withdrawal options available for your other accounts, call the
Customer Service Center at 888-968-4015.
FINANCIAL HARDSHIP WITHDRAWALS
You may withdraw some or all of your vested Account
as necessary to meet a “financial hardship.” You will be
required to certify that you have insufficient cash or other
liquid assets to satisfy the need.
Under IRS guidelines, a financial hardship may exist if the
request is for:
• Payment of medical care expenses not covered by
insurance for you, your spouse, your dependents, or your
affirmatively designated primary beneficiary
• Costs directly related to the purchase of your primary
residence
• Payment of tuition, fees, and room and board expenses for
up to the next 12 months of post-high school education for
you, your spouse, your dependents, or your affirmatively
designated primary beneficiary
• Payments necessary to prevent eviction from, or
foreclosure on, your primary residence
• Payment for burial or funeral expenses for your deceased
parent, spouse, children, dependent, or your affirmatively
designated primary beneficiary, or
• Expenses for the repair of damage to your principal
residence that would qualify for a casualty deduction under
federal income tax rules (determined without regard to
whether the casualty was a federally declared disaster and
whether the loss exceeds 10% of your adjusted gross income).
• Expenses and losses (including loss of income) incurred
by you on account of a disaster declared by the Federal
Emergency Management Act (FEMA) under the Robert
T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance
Act, provided your principal residence or principal place
of employment at the time of the disaster was in an area
designated for individual assistance with respect to disaster.
Federal tax law requires that you must have already obtained
all in-service payouts available (including in-service withdrawals
of rollover contributions and withdrawals after age 59½)
before you can request a financial hardship payout. Also,
please note that if you request a financial hardship payout
within five business days of the record date of a dividend and
you are entitled to elect a cash payout of that dividend, the
dividend will automatically be distributed to you in cash.
A financial hardship payout is immediately taxable to you
(other than Roth contributions and, if the payout is a qualified
distribution, earnings on your Roth contributions), including a
10% penalty tax if you are under age 59½ or if the payout is not
for certain medical purposes. For more information, see The
income tax consequences of a payout later in this chapter.
You can make a request for a financial hardship payout
online at benefits.ml.com or by calling the Customer
Service Center at 888-968-4015.
WITHDRAWALS AFTER YOU REACH AGE 59½
Any time after you reach age 59½, you may elect to withdraw
all or any portion of your Plan accounts, to the extent vested,
even though you are still working for Walmart. You can make
a request for a withdrawal online at benefits.ml.com or by
calling the Customer Service Center at 888-968-4015.
WITHDRAWALS RELATED TO THE BIRTH OR
ADOPTION OF YOUR CHILD
You may request a withdrawal of up to $5,000 from the
vested portion of your Plan account within one year of the
birth or adoption of your child. In the case of adoption,
the adoptee must be under the age of 18 or physically
or mentally incapable of self‑support, and must not be
the child of your spouse. You are required to make a
representation to the Plan that the withdrawal is related to
the birth or adoption of your child.
NOTE: Your distribution will not be considered a qualified
birth or adoption distribution unless you include the name,
age, and taxpayer identification number of the child or
adoptee on your federal income tax return for the year in
which the distribution is made.
WITHDRAWALS OF ROLLOVER CONTRIBUTIONS
You may withdraw all or any portion of your Pretax Rollover
Account, Roth Rollover Account, and your Profit Sharing
Rollover Account at any time even if you are still working
for Walmart or its subsidiaries. (Note that prior to February
1, 1998, the Plan accepted rollovers to a profit-sharing
rollover account, but this option is no longer available.)
PLAN LOANS
You may apply for a loan from the vested portion of your
Plan account while you are still working for Walmart. The
Administrator has established a written loan program
explaining the Plan’s loan requirements in detail. You can
request a copy of the loan program or make a request for a
loan online at benefits.ml.com or by calling the Customer
Service Center at 888-968-4015.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
305
Generally, the rules for loans include the following:
• The maximum loan amount is limited by IRS rules, which
generally limit your total loan balances to the lesser of
(1) 50% of the total of your vested Plan account, or (2)
$50,000 (reduced by the excess, if any, of your highest
outstanding loan balance during the one-year period prior
to the date of the loan over your current outstanding
balance of loans). The minimum loan amount is $1,000.
• All loans must be secured by a pledge of up to one-half of
your vested Plan account.
• A fee will be charged to process your loan application.
Additional fees may be accessed for residential loans.
(Fee amounts may change from time to time.)
• All loans bear a commercially reasonable rate of interest
set by the Administrator from time to time.
• Loans must be repaid in regular installments over a oneto five-year period, unless you are using the loan proceeds
to buy a house for yourself, in which case the repayment
period may be longer as set forth in the written loan
program from time to time.
• You may have only one general purpose loan and one
residential loan outstanding at any time.
• All loans are considered a directed investment from your
account under the Plan. Your payments of principal and
interest on the loan are credited to your Plan accounts.
• If you fail to make payments when due under the loan,
you will be considered to be in default. Under certain
circumstances, a loan that is in default may be considered
a distribution from the Plan. The significance of the loan
balance being treated as a distribution is that the amount
of this distribution (other than Roth contributions) is
taxable to you as ordinary income and could be subject to
excise taxes. A Form 1099-R will be issued to you and the
total amount of the distribution will be reported to the IRS.
When you are on an authorized unpaid leave of absence, you
may be excused from making scheduled loan repayments
for a period of up to one year. If you have an outstanding
loan when you are called to qualified military service, special
rules under USERRA may apply. Call the Customer Service
Center at 888-968-4015 for more details.
If you die: your designated beneficiary
In the event of your death, your entire Plan balance will be
paid out to your beneficiary. It is very important for you
to keep your beneficiary information up to date to ensure
that your beneficiary under the Plan reflects your current
intent. Active associates may make beneficiary choices at
One.Walmart.com. (Note that your spouse’s consent must
still be completed on Form B, as explained below.) If you are
no longer employed by Walmart, you may obtain a paper
beneficiary designation form by contacting People Services.
Since your spouse or partner has certain rights in the death
benefit, you should immediately update your beneficiary
election if there is a change in your relationship status.
If you have a spouse and wish to name someone other than
your spouse as your designated beneficiary, your spouse
must consent to that designation. You must complete the
Alternate Beneficiary Form for Married Participants Form
B and your spouse must complete the Spousal Consent
portion of that form. (Note that spousal consents or waivers
in any other documents between you and your spouse are
not recognized by the Plan for this purpose.) The Spousal
Consent form must be notarized and must accompany
the Form B in order to be valid. Form B and the Spousal
Consent form may be obtained by calling People Services.
Any beneficiary designation you make will be effective for
all of your Plan accounts.
If you do not designate a beneficiary, your death benefit
will be distributed in accordance with the Plan’s default
provisions in the following order, as stated below:
• Spouse or partner (as defined below); if none, then
• Living children (stepchildren are not included); if none, then
• Living parents; if none, then
• Living siblings; if none, then
• Your estate, to be distributed per the terms of your will or
as a court determines.
Please note that if you designate your spouse as your
beneficiary and you later divorce, your beneficiary
designation will not be effective after the divorce unless
you complete a new beneficiary designation form. Similarly,
if you do not have a spouse and you later marry, your prior
beneficiary designation will not be effective after the
marriage unless you complete a new designation form with
your spouse’s consent.
If you designate a beneficiary and your beneficiary dies
before the benefit check is issued, the benefit will be paid
to your contingent beneficiary or, if none, under the default
rules above. If your beneficiary dies after the benefit
check has been issued, the benefit will be paid to your
beneficiary’s estate. Note, however, that if your spouse or
partner is your beneficiary, the benefit will always be paid
to the spouse’s or partner’s estate if he or she dies after you
but before the benefit is paid. Again, it is very important for
you to keep your beneficiary information up to date.
NOTE: Effective June 26, 2013, your same‑sex spouse is
treated in the same manner as an opposite‑sex spouse for
Plan purposes. Keep in mind that if you had a same‑sex
spouse on that date, any beneficiary designation you had in
effect which designated someone other than your spouse as
your beneficiary became invalid on that date. Your spouse
will automatically be your beneficiary unless you make a
new beneficiary designation with your spouse’s consent.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
306
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Effective January 1, 2014, if you have a “partner” and you
have not made an affirmative beneficiary designation, your
partner will be your beneficiary unless you affirmatively
designate a different beneficiary (regardless of whether
the designation occurred before or after your partnership
began). Your “partner” for Plan purposes means:
• Your domestic partner, as long as you and your
domestic partner:
– Are in an ongoing, exclusive and committed relationship
similar to marriage and have been for at least 12 months
and intend to continue indefinitely;
– Are not married to each other or to anyone else;
– Meet the age for marriage in your home state and are
mentally competent to consent to contract in that state;
– Are not related in a manner that would bar a legal
marriage in the state in which you live, and
– Are not in the relationship solely for the purpose of
obtaining benefits coverage, or
• Any other person to whom you are joined in a legal
relationship recognized as creating some or all of the
rights of marriage in the state or country in which the
relationship was created.
BENEFICIARY DESIGNATIONS MADE BEFORE
OCTOBER 31, 2003
If you made a beneficiary designation under the 401(k)
Plan on or before October 31, 2003, that designation
will continue to apply to your Pretax Account, your Roth
Account, your Company Funded 401(k) Account, your
Company Match Account, and your Rollover Accounts.
Similarly, if you made a beneficiary designation under the
Profit Sharing Plan on or before October 31, 2003, that
designation will continue to apply to your Company Funded
Profit Sharing Account and Profit Sharing Rollover Account.
If you change your beneficiary designation after October
31, 2003, it will apply to all Plan accounts and any prior
designations will be ineffective.
Note that changes in your relationship status may affect
your beneficiary designation, as explained above.
Again, it is very important for you to keep your beneficiary
information up to date. Beneficiary designations should be
made at One.Walmart.com.
If you get divorced
If you go through a divorce, all or part of your Plan balance
may be awarded to an “alternate payee” in the court order,
called a “qualified domestic relations order” (QDRO). An
alternate payee may be your spouse or former spouse,
child, or other dependent. (Federal law at this time does
not permit the recognition of a QDRO for a partner
unless the partner is also a dependent of the participant.)
Because there are very strict requirements for these
cases, you should contact the QDRO Administrator at
877-MER-QDRO (877-637-7376) for a free copy of the
procedures your attorney should use in drafting the court
order. After the court order is received by the QDRO
Administrator, it must be reviewed to determine if it meets
legal requirements for this type of order and will take a
period of time to be processed. The administrative fee for
processing your QDRO will be charged to your account or
as directed in the Order.
If you leave Walmart
When you stop working for Walmart, you are entitled to
receive a payout of your vested accounts in the Plan.
It is important to understand how any type of payout from
the Walmart 401(k) Plan affects your tax situation. For more
information, see The income tax consequences of a payout
later in this summary.
You may elect to receive your payout 30 calendar days after
your termination is entered into the payroll system. For
example, if your termination is entered into and processed
by the payroll system on July 19, 2022, you may elect your
payout on or after August 18, 2022.
A notice informing you that you are entitled to payment
will normally be mailed to your home address or sent
electronically, based on your delivery elections, after
you leave Walmart and its subsidiaries. Please make sure
that your address is correct on your payroll check when
you leave Walmart and its subsidiaries or that you give a
forwarding address during your exit interview. If you have
not received any information regarding your payout within
60 days of your termination date, contact the Customer
Service Center at 888-968-4015. To request your payout,
you will need to access your account on benefits.ml.com or
by calling the Customer Service Center at 888-968-4015.
Your consent to the payout is not required and payout of your
entire vested account will automatically be made to you:
• If your total vested Plan balance is $1,000 or less at
any time. This automatic payout will be made as soon as
possible after the last business day of the third calendar
month following the calendar month in which your
termination date is entered into the payroll system, unless
you consent to an earlier payout, as described above. In
the example above, if your account is eligible for automatic
payout and you do not consent to payout on or after
August 19, 2022, your payout will automatically be made to
you as soon as possible after October 31, 2022, or
• If you are over age 71½, regardless of the amount of your
total vested Plan balance. This automatic payout will be
made as soon as possible after the last business day of the
second calendar month following the calendar month in
which you turn age 71½, unless you consent to an earlier 
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
307
payout as described above. For instance, if you turn age
71½ in July 2022 and your account is eligible for automatic
payout, and you do not consent to payout, your payout
would automatically be made on the first scheduled date
after September 30, 2022, according to Plan provisions.
If your total vested Plan balance is more than $1,000 and
you are under age 71½, you must consent to payout of all or
any portion of your account. Payout will be made as soon as
possible after the Customer Service Center receives your
consent, but no earlier than 30 calendar days after your
termination is entered into the payroll system.
If your total vested Plan balance is more than $1,000, you
can choose to delay some or all of your payout until any
date up to age 71½, but your Plan balance will be subject to
an annual maintenance fee and possibly other expenses.
For information regarding these charges, refer to the
Annual Participant Fee Disclosure Notice. If you choose
to delay your payout, you will be able to continue to make
changes in your investment choices just as you did while you
were an active participant in the Plan.
If you return to work with Walmart before your payout is
completed, the payout will be canceled and no payout will
be made from your account.
THE AMOUNT OF YOUR PAYOUT
The entire value of your Pretax Account, your Roth
Account, your Company Funded 401(k) Account, your
Rollover Accounts, and the Company Match Account will
be available to be paid out to you. In addition, if you have a
Company Funded Profit Sharing Account (see Your Walmart
401(k) Plan accounts earlier in this summary), the vested
portion of your Company Funded Profit Sharing Account
will also be available for payout to you. You will forfeit
(give up) the nonvested portion of your Company Funded
Profit Sharing Account, as explained in the Vesting in your
company funded profit sharing account section earlier in
this summary.
The amount you will receive will be based on the value of
your accounts as of the date the payout is processed. If a
cash payout is made directly to you rather than rolled over
to an IRA or other employer plan, applicable taxes will be
withheld from your check.
A check processing fee will be applied to your Plan balance
when it is paid out to you.
HOW YOU RECEIVE YOUR PAYOUT
You have several options for receiving your payout.
Your accounts will normally be paid to you in cash. However,
you may elect to have your Company Funded Profit Sharing
Account and Profit Sharing Rollover Account (even if those
amounts have been converted to your Roth Account or
Roth Rollover Account) distributed to you in the form of
Walmart stock (even if it is not invested in Walmart stock
at the time your payout is processed) or partly in cash and
partly in Walmart stock. (Only whole shares of Walmart
stock will be distributed; partial shares will be distributed
in cash.) You may also elect to have your Pretax Account,
your Company Funded 401(k) Account, and your Rollover
Accounts (even if those amounts have been converted to
your Roth Account or Roth Rollover Account) paid to you
in Walmart stock to the extent those accounts are invested
in Walmart stock at the time your payout is processed. Any
part of those accounts not invested in Walmart stock at the
time of your payout will be distributed in cash.
If the total of your vested accounts is $1,000 or less, or
if you are over age 71½ (regardless of the amount of your
vested accounts), your payout will be made directly to you in
a single cash payout. If you wish to take any of your payout
in the form of Walmart stock or if you wish to roll over your
payout to an IRA or other employer plan, you must contact
the Customer Service Center at 888-968-4015 with your
payout instructions within the time period shown in your
payout notice. If you fail to contact the Customer Service
Center in a timely manner, your payout will be made in a
single cash payment to you.
If the total of your vested accounts in the Plan is more
than $1,000, your payout will not be made until you make
an election regarding the form of payout and consent to
the distribution, or until you reach age 71½. You can choose
to take all or any portion of your vested account. (Note,
however, that if you take a partial payout of your account
and the amount remaining in your account drops to $1,000
or less, it will be cashed‑out as explained above.) To obtain
your payout, contact the Customer Service Center at
888-968-4015.
Your accounts normally will be distributed directly to you,
unless you elect to roll them over to an IRA or to another
employer’s retirement plan.
NOTE: If your vested account cannot be paid to you
because you cannot be found, the Administrator will make
a diligent attempt to locate you. If you still cannot be found,
your vested account will be forfeited. If you are later found,
your account will be reinstated but you will not receive any
earnings for the period after forfeiture. (This also applies
if you die and your beneficiary cannot be located.) Thus, it
is important that you make sure you update your contact
information if there is a change.
If you leave and are rehired
by Walmart
If you leave Walmart and its subsidiaries and are later rehired as
an eligible associate, you will be immediately eligible to make
your own contributions to the Plan on your date of rehire.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
308
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
If you leave Walmart and its subsidiaries after you became
eligible to receive matching contributions and are later
rehired by Walmart, you will automatically be eligible
to receive matching contributions on your rehire date.
Similarly, if you leave Walmart and its subsidiaries after
you have met the 1,000‑hour requirement for matching
contribution eligibility but before your actual participation
date, you will be eligible to receive matching contributions
beginning on the later of the date you would have initially
become a participant or your rehire date (with respect
to contributions you make after that date). If you were
not a participant when you left, or had not satisfied the
1,000‑hour requirement, you will be required to complete
the eligibility requirements (see When participation begins
earlier in this summary) in order to be eligible to receive
matching contributions under the Plan.
THE NONVESTED PORTION OF
YOUR COMPANY FUNDED PROFIT
SHARING ACCOUNT
When you terminate employment, the portion of your
Company Funded Profit Sharing Account that is not vested
(if any) will not be paid to you. This nonvested amount is
called a “forfeiture.”
• If you receive a total payout of your vested Plan balance after
your termination of employment and while your Company
Funded Profit Sharing Account is partially vested, the
nonvested portion of your Company Funded Profit Sharing
Account will be forfeited on the date of your payout.
• If you do not receive a total payout of your vested Plan
balance after your termination of employment, the
nonvested portion of your Company Funded Profit Sharing
Account will not be forfeited until you have five consecutive
“breaks in service.” A break in service is a Plan year
(February 1–January 31) in which you are credited with 500
hours of service or less. If you are absent from work due to
an FMLA leave and have worked 500 hours or less in the Plan
year, you will be credited with enough hours to bring you up
to 500.01 hours so that you will not incur a break in service.
The nonvested portion of your Company Funded Profit
Sharing Account that was forfeited will be reinstated (at its
former value) if you are rehired by Walmart or subsidiary
before you have five consecutive breaks in service and
you pay back to the Plan the total amount of your payout
within five years after you are rehired. If you return to
work with Walmart or a subsidiary after five or more
consecutive breaks in service, or if you chose not to repay
your payout as discussed above, the nonvested portion of
your Company Funded Profit Sharing Account that was
forfeited will not be reinstated.
If you were zero percent vested in your Company Funded
Profit Sharing Account when you terminated employment,
your nonvested Company Funded Profit Sharing Account
will automatically be reinstated if you are rehired prior to
five consecutive breaks in service.
Forfeitures of nonvested Company Funded Profit Sharing
Accounts of terminated participants generally are used to
pay Plan expenses and for certain other purposes, such as to
restore account balances as discussed above.
When you are rehired, your years of service with
Walmart before you left will be counted for purposes of
determining your vesting in your Company Funded Profit
Sharing Account.
The income tax consequences
of a payout
The tax consequences of your participation in the Plan are
your responsibility. This explanation is only a brief description
of the U.S. federal tax consequences related to your
participation in the Plan. This description is based on current
law and current interpretations of the law by the Internal
Revenue Service. Because the law is subject to change and
because the application of the law may vary depending on
your particular circumstances, this description is general in
nature and you should not rely on it in determining your tax
consequences. You are strongly urged to consult a tax advisor.
Walmart is entitled to a deduction on the amount of its
contributions, as well as your contributions, to the Plan. Your
pretax contributions and Walmart’s contributions to the
Plan, as well as earnings on those contributions, generally
are not subject to federal income taxes until they are paid
to you (or you elect to make an In-Plan Roth Conversion of
such amounts). You are taxed on your Roth contributions
when you contribute them to the Plan. Earnings on Roth
contributions are not taxed unless you take a distribution
that is not a qualified distribution. (See Taxation of payouts
of Roth contributions below.)
POSTPONE PAYING TAXES ON PAYOUTS
THROUGH A ROLLOVER (OTHER THAN A ROTH
IRA ROLLOVER)
Although payouts from the Plan (other than from your Roth
and Roth Rollover Accounts) are subject to federal income
taxes, the Internal Revenue Code provides favorable tax
treatment to payouts in certain circumstances. For example,
you can postpone paying taxes on your payout if you direct
the Plan to issue your payout directly to an IRA or to another
employer’s qualified retirement plan, a 403(b) plan, or a
governmental 457 plan. This is called a direct rollover. (The
check will be made payable to the IRA or other plan trustee
and will be delivered to you or your IRA or rollover institution.
If the check is mailed to you, you will be responsible for
delivering it to the IRA or other plan trustee within 60 days.)
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
309
If you elect this method for your payout, no taxes will be
withheld from the amount you are rolling over. It will not
be taxed until you later receive a payout from the IRA or
other plan.
If you do not elect to have your payout directly rolled over,
federal law requires that Walmart withhold 20% of the
payout for federal taxes, in addition to any required state
withholding. In some cases, 20% withholding may not be
enough, which could mean that you will owe additional taxes
when you file your income tax return.
If you do not elect a direct rollover (and instead receive an
actual payout from the Plan), you may still roll over those
funds to an IRA or an employer’s qualified retirement
plan, 403(b) plan, or governmental 457 plan, as long as
you do so within 60 calendar days after you received the
distribution. The amount rolled over will not be subject to
federal income tax until you take it out of the IRA or other
plan. If you want to roll over 100% of your payout to an IRA
or other plan, however, you will have to use other money to
replace the 20% that was withheld from your payout. If you
roll over only the 80% that you received, you will be taxed
on the 20% that was withheld.
NOTE: You may roll over all or any portion of your account
that is eligible for rollover to a Roth IRA. Any amount rolled
over that would have been taxable if not rolled over will be
taxable at the time of the rollover to the Roth IRA. (Note
that you may voluntarily choose to have taxes withheld from
amounts at the time you roll over to a Roth IRA.)
For more information regarding these rollover rules,
review the Special tax notice addendum that follows.
Retain this addendum for review when you are eligible to
take a distribution.
TAXATION OF PAYOUTS OF
ROTH CONTRIBUTIONS
Your Roth contributions and earnings on those contributions
are not taxed when distributed from the Plan as long as
the distribution is a “qualified” distribution. A “qualified”
distribution is a distribution that is made: (1) on account of
your death, disability, or after you attain age 59½, and (2)
after you have completed a five-year participation period.
The five-year participation period is the five-year period
beginning with the first calendar year in which in which you
first make a Roth contribution to the Plan (or to another
401(k) plan or 403(b) plan, if such amount was rolled over to
this Plan) and ending on the last day of the fourth calendar
year thereafter. For instance, if you make your first Roth
contribution in July 2020, your five-year participation period
will end on December 31, 2024. It is not necessary that you
make a Roth contribution in each of the five years.
If you receive a distribution from your Roth contributions
and earnings on those contributions that is not a “qualified”
distribution, the earnings on your Roth contributions will
be taxable to you at the time of distribution (unless you roll
over the distribution to a Roth IRA or a designated Roth
account in another employer plan). If you do roll over your
Roth contributions and earnings, you will not have to pay
taxes currently on the earnings and you will not have to pay
taxes later on payouts that are qualified distributions.
Your Roth contributions may be rolled over only to a Roth
IRA or a designated Roth account in another employer plan.
If the rollover is to a designated Roth account in another
employer plan, the rollover generally must be a direct
rollover (unless the amount being rolled over includes only
amounts that would have been taxable if distributed to you).
NOTE: if you elect an In-Plan Roth Conversion, the
amount converted is treated as a Roth contribution made
at the time of the conversion. When those amounts are
later distributed, the rules described above generally
apply. For this purpose, an In-Plan Roth Contribution will
be considered a contribution for purposes of starting the
five‑year participation period described above.
For more information regarding these rollover rules, review
the Special tax notice addendum: Roth contributions that
follows. Retain this addendum for review when you are
eligible to take a distribution.
EARLY WITHDRAWAL PENALTY
If you take a payout prior to age 59½ rather than rolling
it over, in most cases you will be subject to a 10% early
withdrawal penalty by the IRS on the taxable portion of
your payout. Thus, Roth contributions and, if they are
distributed in a “qualified” distribution, earnings on those
contributions, are not subject to the 10% early withdrawal
penalty. There are some other exceptions to the penalty,
such as death, disability, retirement after age 55, payouts for
certain medical expenses, and payouts related to the birth or
adoption of your child. Special rules also apply to distributions
made to reservists who are called to active military duty.
TAXATION OF PAYOUTS OF WALMART STOCK
There are also special rules for distributions of Walmart
common stock. If you receive cash (in excess of $200) in
addition to Walmart stock and the cash is not directly rolled
over, some withholding may apply, but the withheld amount
will not be greater than the amount of cash you receive.
Generally, if you receive Walmart common stock as part of
your payout that is not rolled over, you are taxed only on the
value of the stock at the time it was purchased by the Plan.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
310
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Keep in mind that if you elect cash payouts of dividends
paid on Walmart stock held in your Company Funded Profit
Sharing Account, the dividend is taxable to you and is not
eligible for rollover. The dividend is also taxable if you request
a financial hardship payout from your account within five
business days of the record date for a dividend and the
dividend is automatically paid out to you in cash. The dividend
payout is not subject to the 10% early withdrawal penalty
discussed above. In some cases, Walmart Inc. will be entitled
to deduct dividends paid on shares subject to this election.
TAXATION OF PAYOUTS TO BENEFICIARIES
AND ALTERNATE PAYEES
The tax treatment discussed above applies only to payouts
to participants. Different rules may apply to payouts to
beneficiaries of deceased participants. In general, if your
spouse is your beneficiary, he or she will have the same
federal income tax treatment and rollover options that you
would have had. Other beneficiaries, including partners, will
only be entitled to a direct rollover to an inherited IRA or
Roth IRA. The 10% early withdrawal penalty does not apply
to payouts to your beneficiary.
The spouse or former spouse of a participant who receives
a payout from the Plan under a qualified domestic relations
order (QDRO) generally has the same federal income tax
treatment and options as the participant would have had. In
some cases, however, a payout on behalf of a non-spouse
dependent, including a partner, pursuant to a QDRO (e.g.,
state-ordered child support) may result in federal income
taxation to the participant even though the payout is made
to or on behalf of the dependent alternate payee.
TAXATION OF LOANS
Under current tax law, loans made from the Plan,
regardless of their purpose, are not considered taxable
income to the participant unless a default occurs. If you
default on a loan from the Plan (as discussed above), your
tax statement will show the amount of income to report
for the year of the default. You may also be subject to 10%
early withdrawal penalty.
TAXATION OF QUALIFIED BIRTH OR
ADOPTION DISTRIBUTIONS
If you receive a distribution related to the birth or adoption
of your child, the distribution is taxable to you for federal
income tax purposes, but is not subject to the 10% early
withdrawal penalty. You may not roll over the distribution
and Walmart is not required to withhold 20%, but you may
voluntarily elect withholding.
Filing a Walmart 401(k) Plan claim
If you think you are entitled to a benefit beyond that
processed by the Plan’s recordkeeper (Bank of America),
you may file a claim with the Administrator or its delegate at:
Walmart Inc.
Attn: 401(k) Plan Administrator
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-0295
For questions about filing a claim, contact People Services
at 800-421-1362.
If your claim is partially or fully denied, you will receive
written notice of the decision within a reasonable time, but
no later than 90 days after the Administrator receives your
claim. The Administrator or its delegate can extend this
period for up to an additional 90 days if it determines that
special circumstances require an extension. You will receive
notice of any extension before the expiration of the original
90-day period. The written notice you receive will state
the specific reasons for the denial of your claim, a specific
reference to the provisions of the Plan upon which the denial
is based, and a description of the review procedures and the
time limits applicable to such procedures, including your
right to bring a court action following a denial on appeal.
If you do not agree with the decision of the Administrator
or its delegate, you can request a review of the decision
by the Administrator. The Administrator has discretionary
authority to resolve all questions concerning administration,
interpretation or application of the Plan. Your request must
be made in writing and sent to the Administrator at:
Walmart Inc.
Attn: Benefits Compliance
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-0295
Your request must be made within 60 calendar days of the
denial. Your written request must contain all additional
information that you wish the Administrator to consider. If
you do not request a review within this time period, you will
be deemed to have waived your right to a review.
NOTE: Due to COVID, your 60-day time period for
requesting a review of your claim has been extended. The
period from the date your claim is denied (but not earlier
than March 1, 2020) through the earlier of one year from
that date or the date that is 60 days after the announced
end of the National Emergency related to the COVID-19
outbreak is disregarded.
The Administrator will promptly conduct the review.
Written notice of the Administrator’s decision on review will
be provided to you within 60 calendar days after the receipt
of your request, unless special circumstances require an 
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
311
extension of up to 60 additional days. In those circumstances
where the review is delayed to allow you to provide additional
information necessary for a proper review, the length of the
delay will not be included in the calculation of the 60-day
deadline and extension periods set forth above. The written
notice of the Administrator’s decision will include specific
reasons for the decision and will refer to the specific
provisions of the Plan on which the decision is based.
You must exhaust these procedures before you can file
a lawsuit with respect to your Plan benefits. If you file
a lawsuit, it must be filed within one year from the date
of your payout or, if no payout is made, the date your
request for benefits is denied, in whole or in part, by
the Administrator on appeal (or, if earlier, the date the
Administrator fails to respond to your claim or appeal
within the time periods provided above).
Administrative information
PLAN NAME
The legal name of the Plan is the Walmart 401(k) Plan.
PLAN SPONSOR AND ERISA PLAN
ADMINISTRATOR
Walmart Inc. is the Plan Sponsor. Its contact information for
matters pertaining to the Plan is:
Walmart Inc.
Attn: 401(k) Plan Administrator
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-0295
800-421-1362
As the ERISA Plan Administrator, Walmart Inc. is responsible
for reporting and disclosure obligations under the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and
all other obligations required to be performed by plan
administrators under the Internal Revenue Code and
ERISA, except for those obligations delegated to the
Administrator, the Benefits Investment Committee or the
trustee of the Trust. ERISA is the federal law that imposes
certain responsibilities on Walmart Inc., the Administrator,
the Benefits Investment Committee and the trustee with
respect to your retirement benefits.
Subsidiaries of Walmart Inc. are permitted to participate
in the Plan. You may obtain a list of subsidiaries currently
participating in the Plan by contacting People Services.
PLAN SPONSOR’S EMPLOYER
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER
71-0415188
NAMED ADMINISTRATIVE FIDUCIARY
The individual from time to time holding the position
of Senior Vice President, Global Benefits Division, of
Walmart is the Administrator. The Administrator is the
named administrative fiduciary of the Plan. As the named
administrative fiduciary of the Plan, the Administrator is
generally responsible for the management, interpretation
and administration of the Plan, including but not limited
to eligibility determinations, benefit payments and other
functions required, necessary or advisable to carry out the
purpose of the Plan.
You may contact the Administrator at the following address:
Senior Vice President, Global Benefits Division/Administrator
Walmart Inc.
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-0295
NAMED INVESTMENT FIDUCIARY
The Benefits Investment Committee is the named
investment fiduciary of the Plan. The Committee is
responsible for the Plan’s investment policies, including
selection of investment options to be made available under
the Plan and the selection of the default investment option.
You may contact the Benefits Investment Committee at the
following address:
Benefits Investment Committee
Walmart Inc.
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-0295
PLAN TRUSTEE
Northern Trust Company
50 S. LaSalle Street
Chicago, Illinois 60603
One or more trusts hold all Plan assets, such as
contributions by participants and Walmart’s contributions.
As trustee of the Trust, Northern Trust Company receives
and holds contributions made to the Plan in trust and
invests those contributions according to the policies
established under the Plan.
AGENT FOR SERVICE OF LEGAL PROCESS
Corporation Trust Company
1209 Orange Street
Corporation Trust Center
Wilmington, Delaware 19801
Service of legal process may also be made on the ERISA
Plan Administrator or the trustee.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
312
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
PLAN NUMBER
003
PLAN YEAR
February 1 through January 31
TYPE OF PLAN
The Walmart 401(k) Plan is a defined contribution plan
(401(k), profit sharing, and employee stock ownership plan).
ASSIGNMENT
Because this is a retirement plan governed by ERISA and
other federal laws, your accounts cannot be assigned or used
as collateral for a loan, nor can your accounts be garnished
or be subject to bankruptcy proceedings. They can, however,
be part of a divorce settlement, as explained in the If you
get divorced section earlier in this summary. Additionally, in
some cases, the IRS may enforce a federal tax levy against
your accounts to repay federal taxes you owe.
NO PBGC COVERAGE
ERISA created a governmental agency called the Pension
Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC). One of the purposes
of the PBGC is to insure the benefits payable under defined
benefit plans. The PBGC does not, however, provide coverage
for defined contribution plans. Because the Plan is a defined
contribution plan, it is not eligible for coverage by the PBGC.
PLAN AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION
Walmart reserves the right to amend or terminate the
Plan at any time. Amendments are made by Walmart’s
Board of Directors or by its Executive Vice President,
Global People Division. Neither the Plan nor the benefits
described in this summary may be orally amended. All oral
statements and representations have no force or effect,
even if the statements and representations are made by
a management associate of Walmart or a participating
subsidiary, by the Administrator, by any member of the
Benefits Investment Committee or by Merrill Lynch.
You may obtain a copy of the formal Plan document by
writing to:
Walmart Inc.
Attn: Benefits Compliance
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-0295
You can also contact the Customer Service Center at
888-968-4015.
MISTAKEN PAYOUTS
If any payout is made under the Plan to the wrong party,
or if a payout is made to the right party but in the wrong
amount, the Administrator can recover the mistaken
payout from the recipient by either reducing his or her
Plan account or future payouts due to the recipient, or may
demand that the recipient promptly repay the Plan.
STATEMENT OF ERISA RIGHTS
As a participant in this Plan, you are entitled to certain
rights and protections under ERISA. ERISA provides that all
Plan participants shall be entitled to:
• Examine, without charge, at the ERISA Plan
Administrator’s office and at other specified facilities,
all documents governing the Plan, including insurance
contracts and collective bargaining agreements, and
a copy of the latest annual report (Form 5500 series)
filed by the Plan with the U.S. Department of Labor and
available at the Public Disclosure Room of the Employee
Benefits Security Administration.
• Obtain, upon written request to the ERISA Plan
Administrator, copies of documents governing the
operation of the Plan, including insurance contracts and
collective bargaining agreements, and copies of the latest
annual report (Form 5500 series) and updated Summary
Plan Description. The ERISA Plan Administrator may
make a reasonable charge for the copies. Your request
must be mailed to:
Walmart Inc. — ERISA Section 104(b) Request
Attn: Benefits Compliance
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-0295
• Receive a summary of the Plan’s annual financial report. The
ERISA Plan Administrator is required by law to furnish each
participant with a copy of the summary financial report.
• Obtain a statement telling you the current balance of
your account and the portion of your account that is
nonforfeitable (vested). This statement must be requested
in writing and is not required to be given more than once
every 12 months. The Plan must provide the statement
free of charge.
In addition to creating rights for Plan participants, ERISA
imposes duties upon the people who are responsible for the
operation of the Plan. The people who operate the Plan,
called “fiduciaries” of the Plan, have a duty to do so prudently
and in your interest and in that of other Plan participants and
beneficiaries. No one, including your employer or any other
person, may fire or otherwise discriminate against you in
any way to prevent you from obtaining a pension benefit or
exercising your rights under ERISA.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
313
If your claim for a benefit is denied or ignored in whole or in
part, you have a right to know why this was done, to obtain
copies of documents relating to the decision without charge,
and to appeal any denial, all within certain time schedules.
Under ERISA, there are steps you can take to enforce the
above rights. For instance, if you request materials from
the Plan and do not receive them within 30 days, you may
file suit in a federal court. In such a case, the court may
require the ERISA Plan Administrator or the Administrator
to provide the materials and pay you up to $110 a day until
you receive the materials, unless the materials were not sent
because of reasons beyond the control of the ERISA Plan
Administrator or the Administrator. If you have a claim for
benefits that is denied or ignored, in whole or in part, you
may file suit in a state or federal court. In addition, if you
disagree with the Plan’s decision or lack thereof concerning
the qualified status of a domestic relations order, you may
file suit in a federal court.
If it should happen that Plan fiduciaries misuse the Plan’s
money, or if you are discriminated against for asserting your
rights, you may seek assistance from the U.S. Department
of Labor, or you may file suit in a federal court. The court
will decide who should pay court costs and legal fees. If you
are successful, the court may order the person you have
sued to pay these costs and fees. If you lose, the court may
order you to pay these costs and fees, for example, if it
finds your claim is frivolous.
If you have any questions about the Plan, you should
contact the ERISA Plan Administrator or the Administrator.
If you have any questions about this statement or about
your rights under ERISA, you should contact the nearest
regional office of the Employee Benefits Security
Administration, U.S. Department of Labor, listed in your
telephone directory, or the Division of Technical Assistance
and Inquiries, Employee Benefits Security Administration,
U.S. Department of Labor, 200 Constitution Avenue
NW, Washington, DC 20210. You may also obtain certain
publications about your rights and responsibilities under
ERISA by calling the publications hotline of the Employee
Benefits Security Administration.
Special tax notice addendum
YOUR ROLLOVER OPTIONS
The law requires that participants receive this notice before
receiving a distribution from the Plan that is eligible to
be rolled over to an IRA or an employer plan. You may or
may not currently be eligible to receive a distribution from
the Plan. If you are eligible for a distribution, however,
you should review this notice carefully before you elect
a distribution from the Plan. This notice is intended to
help you decide whether to elect a rollover. If you are not
currently eligible for a distribution, you should retain this
notice and review it when you are eligible for a distribution.
Rules that apply to most payments from the Plan are
described in the General information about rollovers section.
Special rules that only apply in certain circumstances are
described in the Special rules and options section.
This notice describes the rollover rules that apply to payouts
from the Plan, other than those from a designated Roth
account. If you also receive a payment from your Roth or
Roth Rollover Account in the Plan, see the Special tax notice
addendum: Roth contributions addendum that follows
this notice.
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT ROLLOVERS
How can a rollover affect my taxes? You will be taxed on a
payment from the Plan if you do not roll it over. If you are
under age 59½ and do not do a rollover, you will also have
to pay a 10% additional income tax on early distributions
(generally, distributions made before age 59½), unless an
exception applies. However, if you do a rollover, you will not
have to pay tax until you receive payments later and the 10%
additional income tax will not apply if those payments are
made after you are age 59½ (or if an exception to the 10%
additional income tax applies).
What types of retirement accounts and plans may accept
my rollover? You may roll over the payment to either an IRA
(an individual retirement account or individual retirement
annuity) or an employer plan (a tax-qualified plan, section
403(b) plan, or governmental section 457(b) plan) that
will accept the rollover. The rules of the IRA or employer
plan that holds the rollover will determine your investment
options, fees, and rights to payment from the IRA or
employer plan (for example, IRAs are not subject to spousal
consent rules, and IRAs may not provide loans). Further, the
amount rolled over will become subject to the tax rules that
apply to the IRA or employer plan.
Where may I roll over the payment? You may roll over the
payment to either an IRA (an individual retirement account
or individual retirement annuity, including a Roth IRA) or
an employer plan (a tax-qualified plan, section 403(b) plan
or governmental section 457(b) plan) that will accept the
rollover. The rules of the IRA or employer plan that holds
the rollover will determine your investment options, fees
and rights to payment from the IRA or employer plan (for
example, no spousal consent rules apply to IRAs and IRAs
may not provide loans). Further, the amount rolled over will
become subject to the tax rules that apply to the IRA or
employer plan.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
314
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
How do I do a rollover? There are two ways to do a rollover.
You can do either a “direct rollover” or a “60-day rollover.”
If you do a “direct rollover,” the Plan will make the payment
directly to your IRA or an employer plan. You should contact
the IRA sponsor or the administrator of the employer plan
for information on how to do a direct rollover.
If you do not do a direct rollover, you may still do a rollover
by making a deposit into an IRA or eligible employer plan
that will accept it. You will have 60 days after you receive
the payment to make the deposit. If you do not do a direct
rollover, the Plan is required to withhold 20% of the payment
for federal income taxes (up to the amount of cash and
property received, other than employer stock). This means
that, in order to roll over the entire payment in a 60-day
rollover, you must use other funds to make up for the 20%
withheld. If you do not roll over the entire amount of the
payment, the portion not rolled over will be taxed and will be
subject to the 10% additional income tax on early distributions
if you are under age 59½ (unless an exception applies).
How much may I roll over? If you wish to do a rollover, you
may roll over all or part of the amount eligible for rollover.
Any payment from the Plan is eligible for rollover, except:
• Required minimum distributions after age 70½ (if you were
born before July 1, 1949), after age 72 (if you were born
after June 30, 1949), or after death
• Hardship distributions
• Payments of employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
dividends
• Corrective distributions of contributions that exceed tax
law limitations, and
• Loans treated as deemed distributions (for example,
loans in default due to missed payments before your
employment ends).
The Plan Administrator or the payor can tell you what
portion of a payment is eligible for rollover.
If I don’t do a rollover, will I have to pay the 10% additional
income tax on early distributions? If you are under age
59½, you will have to pay the 10% additional income tax on
early distributions for any payment from the Plan (including
amounts withheld for income tax) that you do not roll over,
unless one of the exceptions listed below applies. This tax
applies to the part of the distribution that you must include
in income and is in addition to the regular income tax on the
payment not rolled over.
The 10% additional income tax does not apply to the
following payments from the Plan:
• Payments made after you separate from service if you will
be at least age 55 in the year of the separation
• Payments made due to disability
• Payments after your death
• Payments of ESOP dividends
• Corrective distributions of contributions that exceed tax
law limitations
• Payments made directly to the government to satisfy a
federal tax levy
• Payments made under a qualified domestic relations order
(QDRO)
• Payments of up to $5,000 made to you from a defined
contribution plan if the payment is a qualified birth or
adoption distribution
• Payments up to the amount of your deductible medical
expenses (without regard to whether you itemize
deductions for the taxable year)
• Certain payments made while you are on active duty if
you were a member of a reserve component called to duty
after September 11, 2001 for more than 179 days, and
• Payments excepted from the additional income tax
by federal legislation relating to certain emergencies
and disasters.
If I do a rollover to an IRA, will the 10% additional income
tax apply to early distributions from the IRA? If you receive
a payment from an IRA when you are under age 59½, you
will have to pay the 10% additional income tax on early
distributions on the part of the distribution that you must
include in income, unless an exception applies. In general,
the exceptions to the 10% additional income tax for early
distributions from an IRA are the same as the exceptions
listed above for early distributions from a plan. However,
there are a few differences for payments from an IRA,
including:
• The exception for payments made after you separate
from service if you will be at least age 55 in the year of the
separation does not apply.
• The exception for qualified domestic relations orders
(QDROs) does not apply (although a special rule applies
under which, as part of a divorce or separation agreement,
a tax-free transfer may be made directly to an IRA of a
spouse or former spouse).
• The exception for payments made at least annually in
equal or close to equal amounts over a specified period
applies (without regard to whether you have had a
separation from service).
• Additional exceptions apply for payments from an IRA,
including: (1) payments for qualified higher education
expenses, (2) payments up to $10,000 used in a qualified
first-time home purchase, and (3) payments for health
insurance after you have received unemployment
compensation for 12 consecutive weeks (or would have
been eligible to receive unemployment compensation but
for self-employed status).
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
315
Will I owe state income taxes? This notice does not
address any state or local income tax rules (including
withholding rules).
SPECIAL RULES AND OPTIONS
If your payment includes after-tax contributions: If you
have after-tax contributions that were merged into the
Walmart 401(k) Plan, those contributions are subject
to special tax rules when they are distributed from the
Walmart 401(k) Plan. (See the following Addendum if you
have made Roth contributions to the Plan.)
After-tax contributions included in a payment are not taxed.
If you receive a partial payment of your total benefit, an
allocable portion of your after-tax contributions is included in
the payment, so you cannot take a payment of only after‑tax
contributions. However, if you have pre-1987 after-tax
contributions maintained in a separate account, a special rule
may apply to determine whether the after-tax contributions
are included in the payment. In addition, special rules apply
when you do a rollover, as described below.
You may roll over to an IRA a payment that includes after-tax
contributions through either a direct rollover or a 60-day
rollover. You must keep track of the aggregate amount of
the after-tax contributions in all of your IRAs (in order to
determine your taxable income for later payments from
the IRAs). If you do a direct rollover of only a portion of the
amount paid from the Plan and at the same time the rest
is paid to you, the portion rolled over consists first of the
amount that would be taxable if not rolled over. For example,
assume you are receiving a distribution of $12,000, of which
$2,000 is after-tax contributions. In this case, if you directly
roll over $10,000 to an IRA that is not a Roth IRA, no amount
is taxable because the $2,000 amount not rolled over is
treated as being after-tax contributions. If you do a direct
rollover of the entire amount paid from the Plan to two or
more destinations at the same time, you can choose which
destination receives the after-tax contributions.
Similarly, if you do a 60-day rollover to an IRA of only
a portion of a payment made to you, the portion rolled
over consists first of the amount that would be taxable
if not rolled over. For example, assume you are receiving
a distribution of $12,000, of which $2,000 is after-tax
contributions, and no part of the distribution is directly
rolled over. In this case, if you roll over $10,000 to an IRA
that is not a Roth IRA in a 60-day rollover, no amount is
taxable because the $2,000 amount not rolled over is
treated as being after-tax contributions.
You may roll over to an employer plan all of a payment that
includes after-tax contributions, but only through a direct
rollover (and only if the receiving plan separately accounts
for after-tax contributions and is not a governmental
section 457(b) plan). You can do a 60-day rollover to an
employer plan of part of a payment that includes after-tax
contributions, but only up to the amount of the payment
that would be taxable if not rolled over.
If you miss the 60-day rollover deadline: Generally, the
60-day rollover deadline cannot be extended. However, the
IRS has the limited authority to waive the deadline under
certain extraordinary circumstances, such as when external
events prevented you from completing the rollover by the
60-day rollover deadline. To apply for a waiver, you must file
a private letter ruling request with the IRS. Private letter
ruling requests require the payment of a nonrefundable
user fee. For more information, see IRS Publication 590,
Individual Retirement Arrangements (IRAs).
If your payment includes employer stock that you do
not roll over: If you do not do a rollover, you can apply a
special rule to payments of employer stock that are either
attributable to after-tax contributions or paid in a lump sum
after separation from service (or after age 59½, disability,
or the participant’s death). Under the special rule, the net
unrealized appreciation on the stock will not be taxed when
distributed from the Plan and will be taxed at capital gain
rates when you sell the stock. Net unrealized appreciation is
generally the increase in the value of employer stock after it
was acquired by the Plan. If you do a rollover for a payment
that includes employer stock (for example, by selling the
stock and rolling over the proceeds within 60 days of
the payment), the special rule relating to the distributed
employer stock will not apply to any subsequent payments
from the IRA or generally, the Plan. The Plan Administrator
can tell you the amount of any net unrealized appreciation.
If you have an outstanding loan that is being offset: If you
have an outstanding loan from the Plan, your Plan benefit
may be offset by the outstanding amount of the loan,
typically when your employment ends. The loan offset
amount is treated as a distribution to you at the time of
the offset. Generally, you may roll over all or any portion
of the offset amount. Any offset amount that is not rolled
over will be taxed (including the 10% additional income tax
on early distributions, unless an exception applies). You may
roll over offset amounts to an IRA or an employer plan (if
the terms of the employer plan permit the plan to receive
plan loan offset rollovers).
How long you have to complete the rollover depends
on what kind of plan loan offset you have. If you have
a qualified plan loan offset, you will have until your tax
return due date (including extensions) for the tax year
during which the offset occurs to complete your rollover.
A qualified plan loan offset occurs when a plan loan in good
standing is offset because your employer plan terminates,
or because you sever from employment. If your plan loan
offset occurs for any reason (such as a failure to make level
loan repayments that results in a deemed distribution),
then you have 60 days from the date the offset occurs to
complete your rollover.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
316
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
If you were born on or before January 1, 1936: If you were
born on or before January 1, 1936 and receive a lump sum
distribution that you do not roll over, special rules for
calculating the amount of the tax on the payment might
apply to you. For more information, see IRS Publication 575,
Pension and Annuity Income.
If you roll over your payment to a Roth IRA: If you roll
over a payment from the Plan to a Roth IRA, a special rule
applies under which the amount of the payment rolled
over (reduced by any after-tax amounts) will be taxed. In
general, the 10% additional income tax on early distributions
will not apply. However, if you take the amount rolled over
out of the Roth IRA within the five-year period that begins
on January 1 of the year of the rollover, the 10% additional
income tax will apply (unless an exception applies). If you
roll over the payment to a Roth IRA, later payments from
the Roth IRA that are qualified distributions will not be
taxed (including earnings after the rollover). A qualified
distribution from a Roth IRA is a payment made after you
are age 59½ (or after your death or disability, or as a qualified
first-time homebuyer distribution of up to $10,000) and
after you have had a Roth IRA for at least five years. In
applying this five‑year rule, you count from January 1 of the
year for which your first contribution was made to a Roth
IRA. Payments from the Roth IRA that are not qualified
distributions will be taxed to the extent of earnings after the
rollover, including the 10% additional income tax on early
distributions (unless an exception applies). You do not have to
take required minimum distributions from a Roth IRA during
your lifetime. For more information, see IRS Publication 590,
Individual Retirement Arrangements (IRAs).
If you do a rollover to a designated Roth account in the
Plan: You cannot roll over a distribution to a designated
Roth account in another employer’s plan. However, you can
roll the distribution over into a designated Roth account in
the distributing Plan. If you roll over a payment from the
Plan to a designated Roth account in the Plan, the amount
of the payment rolled over (reduced by any after-tax
amounts directly rolled over) will be taxed. In general, the
10% additional income tax on early distributions will not
apply. However, if you take the amount rolled over out of
the Roth IRA within the five-year period that begins on
January 1 of the year of the rollover, the 10% additional
income tax will apply (unless an exception applies). If you
roll over the payment to a designated Roth account in the
Plan, later payments from the designated Roth account
that are qualified distributions will not be taxed (including
earnings after the rollover). A qualified distribution from a
designated Roth account is a payment made both after you
are age 59½ (or after your death or disability) and after you
have had a designated Roth account in the Plan for at least
five years. In applying this five-year rule, you count from
January 1 of the year your first contribution was made to
the designated Roth account. However, if you made a direct
rollover to a designated Roth account in the Plan from a
designated Roth account in a plan of another employer, the
five-year period begins on January 1 of the year you made
the first contribution to the designated Roth account in the
Plan or, if earlier, to the designated Roth account in the plan
of the other employer. Payments from the designated Roth
account that are not qualified distributions will be taxed
to the extent of earnings after the rollover, including the
10% additional income tax on early distributions (unless an
exception applies).
If you are not a Plan participant
Payments after death of the participant. If you receive a
distribution after the participant’s death that you do not
roll over, the distribution generally will be taxed in the same
manner described elsewhere in this notice. However, the
10% additional income tax on early distributions does not
apply, and the special rule described under the section If you
were born on or before January 1, 1936 applies only if the
deceased participant was born on or before January 1, 1936.
If you are a surviving spouse: If you receive a payment from
the Plan as the surviving spouse of a deceased participant,
you have the same rollover options that the participant
would have had, as described elsewhere in this notice. In
addition, if you choose to do a rollover to an IRA, you may
treat the IRA as your own or as an inherited IRA.
An IRA you treat as your own is treated like any other IRA
of yours, so that payments made to you before you are age
59½ will be subject to the 10% additional income tax on early
distributions (unless an exception applies) and required
minimum distributions from your IRA do not have to start
until after you are age 70½ (if you were born before July 1,
1949) or age 72 (if you were born after June 30, 1949).
If you treat the IRA as an inherited IRA, payments from the
IRA will not be subject to the 10% additional income tax on
early distributions. However, if the participant had started
taking required minimum distributions, you will have to
receive required minimum distributions from the inherited
IRA. If the participant had not started taking required
minimum distributions from the Plan, you will not have to
start receiving required minimum distributions from the
inherited IRA until the year the participant would have been
age 70½ (if the participant was born before July 1, 1949) or
age 72 (if the participant was born after June 30, 1949).
If you are a surviving beneficiary other than a spouse:
If you receive a payment from the Plan because of the
participant’s death and you are a designated beneficiary
other than a surviving spouse, the only rollover option you
have is to do a direct rollover to an inherited IRA or Roth
IRA. Payments from the inherited IRA or Roth IRA will
not be subject to the 10% additional income tax on early
distributions. You will have to receive required minimum
distributions from the inherited IRA or Roth IRA.
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
317
Payments under a QDRO: If you are the spouse or former
spouse of the participant who receives a payment from the
Plan under a QDRO, you generally have the same options
and the same tax treatment that the participant would
have (for example, you may roll over the payment to your
own IRA or an eligible employer plan that will accept it).
However, payments under the QDRO will not be subject to
the 10% additional income tax on early distributions.
If you are a nonresident alien: If you are a nonresident
alien and you do not do a direct rollover to a U.S. IRA or
U.S. employer plan, instead of withholding 20%, the Plan
is generally required to withhold 30% of the payment for
federal income taxes. If the amount withheld exceeds the
amount of tax you owe (as may happen if you do a 60-day
rollover), you may request an income tax refund by filing
Form 1040NR and attaching your Form 1042-S. See Form
W-8BEN for claiming that you are entitled to a reduced
rate of withholding under an income tax treaty. For more
information, see also IRS Publication 519, U.S. Tax Guide
for Aliens, and IRS Publication 515, Withholding of Tax on
Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Entities.
OTHER SPECIAL RULES
If your payments for the year are less than $200 (not
including payments from a designated Roth account in the
Plan), the Plan is not required to allow you to do a direct
rollover and is not required to withhold for federal income
taxes. However, you may do a 60-day rollover.
You may have special rollover rights if you recently served
in the U.S. Armed Forces. For more information on special
rollover rights related to the U.S. Armed Forces, see IRS
Publication 3, Armed Forces’ Tax Guide. You also may have
special rollover rights if you were affected by a federally
declared disaster (or similar event), or if you received a
distribution on account of a disaster. For more information
on special rollover rights related to disaster relief, see the
IRS website at www.irs.gov.
FOR MORE INFORMATION
You may wish to consult with the Plan Administrator or
payor, or a professional tax advisor, before taking a payment
from the Plan. Also, you can find more detailed information
on the federal tax treatment of payments from employer
plans in IRS Publication 575, Pension and Annuity Income;
IRS Publication 590, Individual Retirement Arrangements
(IRAs); and IRS Publication 571, Tax-Sheltered Annuity Plans
(403(b) Plans). These publications are available from a
local IRS office, on the web at www.irs.gov, or by calling
800-TAX-FORM.
Special tax notice addendum: Roth
contributions
YOUR ROLLOVER OPTIONS
The law requires that participants receive this notice before
receiving a distribution from the Plan from your Roth
Account (or any Roth amounts that were merged into the
Plan from your prior employer’s plan). You may or may not
currently be eligible to receive a distribution from the Plan.
If you are eligible for a distribution, however, you should
review this notice carefully before you elect a distribution
from the Plan. This notice is intended to help you decide
whether to elect a rollover. If you are not currently eligible
for a distribution, you should retain this notice and review it
when you are eligible for a distribution.
Rules that apply to most payments from your Roth or Roth
Rollover Account (referred to collectively in this addendum
as your “Roth Account”) are described in the General
information about rollovers section. Special rules that only
apply in certain circumstances are described in the Special
rules and options section.
Rules that apply to payments from the Plan other than from
your Roth Account are described in the separate Special tax
notice addendum above.
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT ROLLOVERS
How can a rollover affect my taxes? After-tax contributions
included in a payment from your Roth Account are not
taxed, but earnings might be taxed. The tax treatment of
earnings included in the payment depends on whether the
payment is a qualified distribution. If a payment is only part
of your Roth Account, the payment will include an allocable
portion of the earnings in your Roth Account.
If the payment from the Plan is not a qualified distribution
and you do not do a rollover to a Roth IRA or a designated
Roth account in an employer plan, you will be taxed on the
portion of the payment that is earnings. If you are under
age 59½, a 10% additional income tax on early distributions
(generally, distributions made before age 59½) will also
apply to the earnings (unless an exception applies). However,
if you do a rollover, you will not have to pay taxes currently
on the earnings and you will not have to pay taxes later on
payments that are qualified distributions.
If the payment from the Plan is a qualified distribution, you will
not be taxed on any part of the payment even if you do not
do a rollover. If you do a rollover, you will not be taxed on the
amount you roll over and any earnings on the amount you roll
over will not be taxed if paid later in a qualified distribution. 
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
318
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
A qualified distribution from your Roth Account in the Plan
is a payment made after you are age 59½ (or after your
death or disability) and after you have had a Roth Account in
the Plan for at least five years. In applying the five-year rule,
you count from January 1 of the year your first contribution
was made to the Roth Account. However, if you did a direct
rollover to a Roth Account in the Plan from a designated
Roth account in another employer plan, your participation
will count from January 1 of the year your first contribution
was made to the Roth Account in the Plan or, if earlier, to
the designated Roth account in the other employer plan.
What types of retirement accounts and plans may accept
my rollover? You may roll over the payment to either a Roth
IRA (a Roth individual retirement account or Roth individual
retirement annuity) or a designated Roth account in an
employer plan (a tax-qualified plan, section 403(b) plan, or
governmental section 457 plan) that will accept the rollover.
The rules of the Roth IRA or employer plan that holds the
rollover will determine your investment options, fees, and
rights to payment from the Roth IRA or employer plan
(for example, Roth IRAs are not subject to spousal consent
rules, and Roth IRAs may not provide loans). Further, the
amount rolled over will become subject to the tax rules that
apply to the Roth IRA or the designated Roth account in the
employer plan. In general, these tax rules are similar to those
described elsewhere in this notice, but differences include:
• If you do a rollover to a Roth IRA, all of your Roth IRAs will
be considered for purposes of determining whether you
have satisfied the five-year rule (counting from January 1
of the year for which your first contribution was made to
any of your Roth IRAs).
• If you do a rollover to a Roth IRA, you will not be required
to take a distribution from the Roth IRA during your
lifetime and you must keep track of the aggregate amount
of the after-tax contributions in all of your Roth IRAs (in
order to determine your taxable income for later Roth IRA
payments that are not qualified distributions).
• Eligible rollover distributions from a Roth IRA can only be
rolled over to another Roth IRA.
How do I do a rollover? There are two ways to do a rollover.
You can either do a direct rollover or a 60-day rollover.
If you do a direct rollover, the Plan will make the payment
directly to your Roth IRA or designated Roth account in an
employer plan. You should contact the Roth IRA sponsor or
the administrator of the employer plan for information on
how to do a direct rollover.
If you do not do a direct rollover, you may still do a rollover
by making a deposit (generally within 60 days) into a Roth
IRA, whether the payment is a qualified or nonqualified
distribution. In addition, you can do a rollover by making a
deposit within 60 days into a designated Roth account in an
employer plan if the payment is a nonqualified distribution
and the rollover does not exceed the amount of the
earnings in the payment. You cannot do a 60-day rollover
to an employer plan of any part of a qualified distribution. If
you receive a distribution that is a nonqualified distribution
and you do not roll over an amount at least equal to the
earnings allocable to the distribution, you will be taxed on
the amount of those earnings not rolled over, including the
10% additional income tax on early distributions if you are
under age 59½ (unless an exception applies).
If you do a direct rollover of only a portion of the amount
paid from the Plan and a portion is paid to you at the
same time, the portion directly rolled over consists first
of earnings. If you do not do a direct rollover and the
payment is not a qualified distribution, the Plan is required
to withhold 20% of the earnings for federal income taxes
(up to the amount of cash and property received other than
employer stock). This means that, in order to roll over the
entire payment in a 60-day rollover to a Roth IRA, you must
use other funds to make up for the 20% withheld.
How much may I roll over? If you wish to do a rollover, you
may roll over all or part of the amount eligible for rollover.
Any payment from the Plan is eligible for rollover, except:
• Required minimum distributions after age 70½ (if you were
born before July 1, 1949), after age 72 (if you were born
after June 30, 1949), or after death
• Hardship distributions
• Payments of employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
dividends
• Corrective distributions of contributions that exceed tax
law limitations, and
• Loans treated as deemed distributions (for example,
loans in default due to missed payments before your
employment ends).
The Administrator or the payor can tell you what portion of
a payment is eligible for rollover.
If I don’t do a rollover, will I have to pay the 10% additional
income tax on early distributions? If a payment is not
a qualified distribution and you are under age 59½, you
will have to pay the 10% additional income tax on early
distributions with respect to the earnings allocated to
the payment that you do not roll over (including amounts
withheld for income tax), unless one of the exceptions
listed below applies. This tax is in addition to the regular
income tax on the earnings not rolled over. 
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
319
The 10% additional income tax does not apply to the
following payments from the Plan:
• Payments made after you separate from service if you will
be at least age 55 in the year of the separation
• Payments made due to disability
• Payments after your death
• Payments of ESOP dividends
• Corrective distributions of contributions that exceed tax
law limitations
• Payments made directly to the government to satisfy a
federal tax levy
• Payments made under a qualified domestic relations
order (QDRO)
• Payments of up to $5,000 made to you from a defined
contribution plan if the payment is a qualified birth or
adoption distribution
• Payments up to the amount of your deductible medical
expenses (without regard to whether you itemize
deductions for the taxable year)
• Certain payments made while you are on active duty if
you were a member of a reserve component called to duty
after September 11, 2001 for more than 179 days, and
• Payments for certain distributions relating to certain
federally declared disasters.
If I do a rollover to a Roth IRA, will the 10% additional income
tax apply to early distributions from the IRA? If you receive a
payment from a Roth IRA when you are under age 59½, you will
have to pay the 10% additional income tax on early distributions
on the earnings paid from the Roth IRA, unless an exception
applies or the payment is a qualified distribution. In general,
the exceptions to the 10% additional income tax for early
distributions from a Roth IRA listed above are the same as the
exceptions for early distributions from a plan. However, there
are a few differences for payments from a Roth IRA, including:
• The exception for payments made after you separate
from service if you will be at least age 55 in the year of the
separation does not apply.
• The exception for qualified domestic relations orders
(QDROs) does not apply (although a special rule applies
under which, as part of a divorce or separation agreement,
a tax-free transfer may be made directly to a Roth IRA of a
spouse or former spouse).
• An exception for payments made at least annually in equal
or close to equal amounts over a specified period applies
without regard to whether you have had a separation
from service.
• There are additional exceptions for (1) payments for qualified
higher education expenses, (2) payments up to $10,000 used
in a qualified first-time home purchase, and (3) payments
for health insurance premiums after you have received
unemployment compensation for 12 consecutive weeks
(or would have been eligible to receive unemployment
compensation but for self-employed status).
Will I owe state income taxes? This notice does not describe
any state or local income tax rules (including withholding rules).
SPECIAL RULES AND OPTIONS
If you miss the 60-day rollover deadline: Generally, the
60‑day rollover deadline cannot be extended. However, the
IRS has the limited authority to waive the deadline under
certain extraordinary circumstances, such as when external
events prevented you from completing the rollover by the
60-day rollover deadline. Under certain circumstances,
you may claim eligibility for a waiver of the 60-day rollover
deadline by making a written self-certification. Otherwise,
to apply for a waiver from the IRS, you must file a private
letter ruling request with the IRS. Private letter ruling
requests require the payment of a nonrefundable user
fee. For more information, see IRS Publication 590-A,
Contributions to Individual Retirement Arrangements (IRAs).
If your payment includes employer stock that you do not
roll over: If you receive a payment that is not a qualified
distribution and you do not roll it over, you can apply a special
rule to payments of employer stock (or other employer
securities) that are paid in a lump sum after separation from
service (or after age 59½, disability, or the participant’s
death). Under the special rule, the net unrealized appreciation
on the stock included in the earnings in the payment will
not be taxed when distributed to you from the Plan and will
be taxed at capital gain rates when you sell the stock. If you
do a rollover to a Roth IRA for a nonqualified distribution
that includes employer stock (for example, by selling the
stock and rolling over the proceeds within 60 days of the
distribution), you will not have any taxable income and the
special rule relating to the distributed employer stock will
not apply to any subsequent payments from the Roth IRA or,
generally, the Plan. Net unrealized appreciation is generally
the increase in the value of the employer stock after it was
acquired by the Plan. The Plan administrator can tell you the
amount of any net unrealized appreciation.
If you receive a payment that is a qualified distribution that
includes employer stock and you do not roll it over, your
basis in the stock (used to determine gain or loss when you
later sell the stock) will equal the fair market value of the
stock at the time of the payment from the Plan.
If you have an outstanding loan that is being offset: If you
have an outstanding loan from the Plan, your Plan benefit may
be offset by the outstanding amount of the loan, typically
when your employment ends. The offset amount is treated
as a distribution to you at the time of the offset. Generally,
you may roll over all or any portion of the offset amount. If
the distribution attributable to the offset is not a qualified 
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
320
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
distribution and you do not roll over the offset amount, you
will be taxed on any earnings included in the distribution
(including the 10% additional income tax on early distributions,
unless an exception applies). You may roll over the earnings
included in the loan offset to a Roth IRA or designated Roth
account in an employer plan (if the terms of the employer plan
permit the plan to receive plan loan offset rollovers). You may
also roll over the full amount of the offset to a Roth IRA.
How long you have to complete the rollover depends
on what kind of plan loan offset you have. If you have a
qualified plan loan offset, you will have until your tax return
due date (including extensions) for the tax year during which
the offset occurs to complete your rollover. A qualified
plan loan offset occurs when a plan loan in good standing is
offset because your employer plan terminates, or because
you sever from employment. If your plan loan offset occurs
for any other reason, then you have 60 days from the date
the offset occurs to complete your rollover.
If you receive a nonqualified distribution and you were born
on or before January 1, 1936: If you were born on or before
January 1, 1936, and receive a lump sum distribution that is not
a qualified distribution and that you do not roll over, special
rules for calculating the amount of the tax on the earnings in
the payment might apply to you. For more information, see
IRS Publication 575, Pension and Annuity Income.
If you are not a Plan participant
Payments after death of the participant. If you receive a
distribution after the participant’s death that you do not roll
over, the distribution will generally be taxed in the same manner
described elsewhere in this notice. However, whether the
payment is a qualified distribution generally depends on when
the participant first made a contribution to the designated
Roth account in the Plan. Also, the 10% additional income tax
on early distributions and the special rules for public safety
officers do not apply, and the special rule described under
the section “If you receive a nonqualified distribution and you
were born on or before January 1, 1936” applies only if the
participant was born on or before January 1, 1936.
If you are a surviving spouse: If you receive a payment from
the Plan as the surviving spouse of a deceased participant,
you have the same rollover options that the participant would
have had, as described elsewhere in this notice. In addition,
if you choose to do a rollover to a Roth IRA, you may treat
the Roth IRA as your own or as an inherited Roth IRA.
A Roth IRA you treat as your own is treated like any other
Roth IRA of yours, so that you will not have to receive any
required minimum distributions during your lifetime and
earnings paid to you in a nonqualified distribution before
you are age 59½ will be subject to the 10% additional income
tax on early distributions (unless an exception applies).
If you treat the Roth IRA as an inherited Roth IRA, payments
from the Roth IRA will not be subject to the 10% additional
income tax on early distributions. An inherited Roth IRA is
subject to required minimum distributions. If the participant
had started taking required minimum distributions from the
Plan, you will have to receive required minimum distributions
from the inherited Roth IRA. If the participant had not started
taking required minimum distributions, you will not have to
start receiving required minimum distributions from the
inherited Roth IRA until the year the participant would have
been age 70½ (if the participant was born before July 1, 1949)
or age 72 (if the participant was born after June 30, 1949).
If you are a surviving beneficiary other than a spouse: If you
receive a payment from the Plan because of the participant’s
death and you are a designated beneficiary other than a
surviving spouse, the only rollover option you have is to
do a direct rollover to an inherited Roth IRA. Payments
from the inherited Roth IRA, even if made in a nonqualified
distribution, will not be subject to the 10% additional income
tax on early distributions. You will have to receive required
minimum distributions from the inherited Roth IRA.
Payments under a QDRO: If you are the spouse or a former
spouse of the participant who receives a payment from the
Plan under a QDRO, you generally have the same options
and the same tax treatment that the participant would have
(for example, you may roll over the payment to your own
Roth IRA or to a designated Roth account in an eligible
employer plan that will accept it).
If you are a nonresident alien: If you are a nonresident
alien and you do not do a direct rollover to a U.S. IRA or
U.S. employer plan, and the payment is not a qualified
distribution, the Plan is generally required to withhold
30% (instead of withholding 20%) of the earnings for
federal income taxes. If the amount withheld exceeds the
amount of tax you owe (as may happen if you do a 60-day
rollover), you may request an income tax refund by filing
Form 1040NR and attaching your Form 1042-S. See Form
W-8BEN for claiming that you are entitled to a reduced
rate of withholding under an income tax treaty. For more
information, see also IRS Publication 519, U.S. Tax Guide
for Aliens, and IRS Publication 515, Withholding of Tax on
Nonresident Aliens and Foreign Entities.
OTHER SPECIAL RULES
If your payments for the year (only including payments from
the designated Roth account in the Plan) are less than $200,
the Plan is not required to allow you to do a direct rollover
and is not required to withhold federal income taxes.
However, you can do a 60-day rollover.
You may have special rollover rights if you recently served
in the U.S. Armed Forces. For more information on special 
The Walmart 401(k) Plan
321
rollover rights related to the U.S. Armed Forces, see IRS
Publication 3, Armed Forces’ Tax Guide. You also may have
special rollover rights if you were affected by a federally
declared disaster (or similar event), or if you received a
distribution on account of a disaster. For more information
on special rollover rights related to disaster relief, see the
IRS website at www.irs.gov.
FOR MORE INFORMATION
You may wish to consult with the Plan Administrator or
payor, or a professional tax advisor, before taking a payment
from the Plan. Also, you can find more detailed information
on the federal tax treatment of payments from employer
plans in IRS Publication 575, Pension and Annuity Income; IRS
Publication 590
-A, Contributions to Individual Retirement
Arrangements (IRAs); IRS Publication 590
-B, Distributions
from Individual Retirement Arrangements (IRAs); and IRS
Publication 571, Tax-Sheltered Annuity Plans (403(b) Plans).
These publications are available from a local IRS office, on
the web at www.irs.gov, or by calling 800-TAX-FORM. 
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Associate Stock Purchase Plan eligibility 324
Enrolling in the Associate Stock Purchase Plan 324
Walmart’s contribution to your company stock ownership 324
Selling stock through the Plan 324
Keeping track of your Computershare account 325
Ending your participation and closing your account 325
If you leave the company 325
PROSPECTUS 326
Introduction and overview 326
Plan administration; account management 327
Plan participation and eligibility 327
Plan contributions—Associate Stock Purchase Program 328
Stock ownership, fees, and risks 329
Stock certificate delivery and Stock sales 330
Termination of participation; account closure 331
Plan amendment and termination 332
Tax information 332
Available information 333
Electronic delivery of prospectuses and other documents 333
Documents incorporated by reference 333
The Associate Stock
Purchase Plan (ASPP)
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP)
323
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP)
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP or Plan) allows you to buy Walmart stock conveniently
through payroll deductions and through direct payments to the Plan Administrator. You can have
any amount from $2 to $1,000 withheld from your biweekly paycheck to buy stock. Walmart
matches $0.15 for every dollar that you contribute through payroll deduction to purchase stock, up
to the first $1,800 you contribute to the Plan in each Plan year (April through March).
RESOURCES
Find What You Need Online Other Resources
Enroll in the Plan or change your
deduction amount
Complete a benefits online enrollment
session on One.Walmart.com/ASPP
Call Computershare at 800-438-6278
(hearing impaired: 800-952-9245)
• Access your account information
• Get your account statement
• Get a Form 1099
Go to the Computershare website at
computershare.com/walmart or the
Associate Stock app
Get the Associate Stock app by
downloading at wmt.link/stock-app or
scanning the QR code below (available for
Apple or Android devices)
Send money directly to Computershare Send check to:
Computershare
Attn: Walmart ASPP
P.O. Box 43080
Providence, Rhode Island 02940-3080
(Company matching contributions will
not be made on money sent directly
to Computershare)
What you need to know about the Associate Stock Purchase Plan
• All eligible associates can purchase Walmart stock through convenient payroll deductions and direct payments
to Computershare.
• Walmart matches $0.15 for every $1 you put into the Plan through payroll deductions, up to the first $1,800 that
you contribute in each Plan year.
• There are no fees to purchase shares of Walmart stock through the Plan. You only pay a fee when you sell shares of stock.
• Your shares will be credited to an account that is maintained in your name at Computershare. You can access your
account online, by telephone, or app (see Resources chart above) to get your balance or sell stock held in your account.
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP)
324
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Associate Stock Purchase
Plan eligibility
You are eligible to enroll in the Associate Stock Purchase
Plan if you are:
• Not a member of a collective bargaining unit whose benefits
were the subject of good faith collective bargaining.
• At least 18 years of age or the age of majority in your
payroll state to participate (19 is the age of majority
in Alabama and Nebraska). If you live in Puerto Rico,
you must be 21 years of age to participate. If you have
questions about the age requirement, review your
respective state laws on the age of majority.
Enrolling in the Associate Stock
Purchase Plan
You can enroll in the Plan by completing a benefits online
enrollment session on One.Walmart.com/ASPP. Before you
enroll in this Plan, you should carefully review this Associate
Stock Purchase Plan brochure and the Plan Prospectus (a
copy of which appears on the following pages), as well as
the reports and other documents that the company has
incorporated by reference into the Plan Prospectus.
The decision to participate in the Plan and to purchase
company stock is an individual decision to be made solely
by you. The company is not recommending, endorsing,
or soliciting your participation in the Plan or purchase of
company stock. In making your decision, you should be
aware that the past performance of the company stock
is not an indication or prediction of future performance.
The value of company stock may be affected by many
factors, including those outside the company itself,
such as economic conditions. The company urges you to
consult with your financial and tax advisors regarding your
participation in the Plan and investment in company stock.
Walmart’s contribution to your
company stock ownership
The Plan allows all eligible associates to buy Walmart
stock conveniently through payroll deductions. Any whole
dollar amount from $2 to $1,000 can be withheld from your
paycheck to buy stock.
Walmart contributes to your stock purchase account by
matching $0.15 for every $1 you contribute to the Plan
through payroll deductions, up to your first $1,800 you
contribute each Plan year. The Plan year runs from April
through March. The company match is reflected as income
on your check stub and on your Form W-2.
In addition to your payroll deductions, you can also contribute
to the Associate Stock Purchase Plan by sending money
directly to Computershare, the Plan’s administrator, at:
Computershare
Attn: Walmart ASPP
P.O. Box 43080
Providence, Rhode Island 02940-3080
Money sent directly to Computershare will not receive the
Walmart matching contribution. The total of your payroll
deductions and money sent directly to Computershare
cannot exceed $125,000 per Plan year. Dividends paid on
the stock you hold as of each dividend record date are
automatically reinvested to buy additional shares of stock
for you, but do not count against the $125,000 maximum.
The value of the stock you purchase can fluctuate and may
decline. There is no guarantee that your stock will have the
same value in the future that it had when purchased or that
the value of the stock will increase.
When deciding about purchasing Walmart stock, consider
all your investments, including other Walmart stock you
may own. For investment questions, consult a financial
advisor. Investment in the stock is subject to certain risks as
described in the Plan Prospectus and Walmart’s most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated by
reference in the Plan Prospectus.
Selling stock through the Plan
No fees are charged to you for buying stock; however,
when you sell stock you will be charged a fee. The fees
charged by Computershare as described in this section are
subject to change.
WALMART’S CONTRIBUTION TO YOUR COMPANY STOCK OWNERSHIP
If you contribute Your Plan year payroll deduction
contribution is
Walmart’s annual matching
contribution* is
Total amount used to purchase
Walmart stock
$10 biweekly $260 $39 $299
$20 biweekly $520 $78 $598
$70 biweekly $1,820 $270 (Walmart matches $0.15
for every $1 up to $1,800) $2,090
* Company contributions will be made only on stock purchased through payroll deductions. Company contributions will not be made on
money sent directly to Computershare.
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP)
325
If you choose to sell your stock, your stock will be sold
pursuant to a market order. Your stock will be sold as soon
as your request can be reasonably processed. Generally,
market orders are executed immediately after they are
placed. The price at which your order will be executed is
not guaranteed, and the Walmart stock price prior to the
execution of your order is not necessarily the price at which
your order will be executed.
Generally, any sales of your stock will be executed over the
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). If the NYSE is closed
when your order is ready to be processed, your order will be
processed as early as possible on the next NYSE trading day.
The fee is $25.50 per sale plus $0.05 (five cents) per share
sold for each sale you execute.
You can sell stock from computershare.com/walmart, from
the Associate Stock app, wmt.link/stock-app (available for
Apple and Android devices), or by calling Computershare at
800-438-6278 (hearing impaired: 800-952-9245). You can
choose to have your proceeds deposited to a bank account
on file or have a check mailed to the address on file at
Computershare. If you choose to deposit your proceeds in a
bank account, your funds are sent to the bank on the trade
settlement date, which is two business days from the date
of sale. Please note it will vary depending upon your bank
when the funds will be reflected in your checking or savings
account. If you select to receive your sale proceeds via check,
you should receive your check within seven to 10 business days
after you place an order to sell stock in your Plan account.
The sale fee is automatically deducted from the amount
deposited or reported on your check as the net proceeds
of the sale. Each time you sell stock, you will receive a
transaction summary form. For tax reporting purposes, you
will receive appropriate tax documents (1099-B and/or 1099DIV) enclosed with your annual statement in the first quarter
of the following year (January through March). Depending
upon delivery preference, these documents will be either
mailed to your address on file with Computershare or you
will be notified via email when the documents are available.
You should use these documents when filing your taxes.
It’s important to understand the tax consequences of a
stock sale. If you have tax-related questions, please consult
a financial advisor or tax consultant.
Keeping track of your
Computershare account
You will receive a statement from Computershare at
least annually (first quarter) that shows the activity in
your account. If you opted to receive your statements
electronically, you will receive an email informing
you that your statement is ready and can be found on
computershare.com/walmart or on the Associate Stock
app which can be downloaded at wmt.link/stock-app.
The annual statement will contain important tax
information. Maintain your statement so that you know the
difference between your purchase price and sale price of
any shares of stock you sell. You will need this information
for your income taxes.
You can access your account information online at
computershare.com/walmart, by the Associate Stock
app, wmt.link/stock-app (available for Apple and Android
devices), or by phone at 800-438-6278 (hearing impaired:
800-952-9245).
If you request replacement statements from Computershare,
there is a $5 charge per statement for previous years’
statements. You can obtain copies free of charge through the
website at computershare.com/walmart.
Ending your participation and
closing your account
To cancel your payroll deductions to the Associate Stock
Purchase Plan, complete a benefits online enrollment session
on One.Walmart.com/ASPP.
After you cancel your payroll deductions, you can close your
account by selling or transferring the remaining stock in
your account. To avoid paying a sales transaction fee twice,
cancel your payroll deductions and confirm the latest share
purchase has been posted to your account before closing
your account. You also have the option to stop payroll
deductions and to hold your Plan shares at Computershare.
If you leave the company
If you leave the company, you will have several options
concerning the status of your account:
• You can keep your account open without the weekly or
biweekly payroll deduction and without the company
match. You can make voluntary cash purchases and benefit
from having no broker’s fee. There is an annual maintenance
fee of $35 per year, which will be automatically deducted
from your account through the sale of an appropriate
number of shares or portion of a share of stock to cover the
fee during the first quarter of the year.
• You can request to move shares to the Walmart Direct
Stock Purchase Plan.
• You can close your account and transfer your shares to
another broker.
• You can close your account and sell some or all shares in
your account.
In order to prevent any residual balances and to avoid paying
a sales transaction fee twice, wait until you receive your
final paycheck and confirm your latest share purchase has
posted before closing your account.
Please update Computershare if you have an address
change after you have left the company.
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP)
326
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
Prospectus
This document below constitutes a prospectus covering securities that have been registered
under the Securities Act of 1933.
46,247,166 Shares
WALMART INC.
Common Stock
($.10 par value per share)
WALMART INC.
2016 Associate Stock Purchase Plan
(formerly, the Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 2016 Associate Stock Purchase Plan,
 the Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 2004 Associate Stock Purchase Plan,
and the Walmart Stores, Inc. Associate Stock Purchase Plan of 1996)
This prospectus relates to the purchase of the number of shares of the common stock, $0.10 par value per share, of Walmart
Inc. (“Walmart,” the “Company” or “we”) shown above under the Walmart Inc. 2016 Associate Stock Purchase Plan (the
“Plan”) by eligible Walmart associates who elect to participate in the Plan.
These securities have not been approved or disapproved by the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) or any state
securities commission nor has the Securities and Exchange Commission or any state securities commission passed upon the
accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
No one is authorized to give any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this Prospectus
and, if given or made, you should not rely on them. This Prospectus is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy
any of the securities referred to in this Prospectus in any state or other jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would
be unlawful. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor acquisition of securities described in this Prospectus implies that no
change in the affairs of the company has occurred since the date of this Prospectus.
Investment in shares of the Common Stock offered hereby involves certain risks. See “Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors” in
Walmart’s Annual Report on Form 10-K most recently filed with the SEC for a discussion of certain risks that may affect our
business, operations, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See “Stock ownership, fees, and risks” below.
The date of this Prospectus is August 31, 2022
Introduction and overview
The Plan is an amendment and restatement of the Wal-Mart
Stores, Inc. 2004 Associate Stock Purchase Plan which had
previously amended and restated the Wal-Mart Stores,
Inc. Associate Stock Purchase Plan of 1996. The Plan was
most recently approved by the shareholders of Walmart
at our Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 1, 2022.
As of August 31, 2022, up to 46,247,166 shares of the
company’s common stock, par value $.10 per share (the
“Stock”), were available for purchase from the company
or on the open market under the Plan; 20,000,000 shares
of Stock were available for purchase from the company
under the Plan; and 30,000,000 shares of Stock were
PROSPECTUS
available for purchase on the open market under the
Plan. On November 30, 2018, 50,000,000 shares were
registered with the United States SEC for offer and sale on
Registration Statements on Form S-8. Shares of the Stock
are listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”). Participating associates may be referred to as
“you” in this Prospectus.
The Plan has two parts—the Stock Purchase Program and
the Outstanding Performance Award Program. The Stock
Purchase Program gives eligible associates an opportunity
to share in company ownership by allowing them to purchase
shares of Stock by payroll deduction. In addition, if they make
or have made purchases through such payroll deductions 
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP)
327
necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan;
(vii) make, amend, waive and rescind rules and regulations for
the administration of the Plan; and (viii) exercise any powers,
perform any acts and make any determinations it deems
necessary or advisable to administer the Plan. All decisions
made by the Committee under the Plan are final and binding
on all persons, including the company and its affiliates, any
associate, any person claiming any rights under the Plan
from or through any participant, and shareholders of the
company. The members of the Committee do not act as the
trustees of the participants or hold the Stock credited to
the participants’ Plan accounts, any funds contributed to the
Plan by any associate or the proceeds of any sale of shares of
stock in trust for the benefit of the participants.
Plan participation and eligibility
If you are eligible to participate in the Plan, you can
become a participant in the Plan by enrolling online at
One.Walmart.com/ASPP to authorize payroll deductions to
be taken from your regular compensation and contributed
to the Plan for the purchase of Stock to be held in your
Plan account. You can also become a participant in the Plan
if the Committee grants you an award of Stock under the
Outstanding Performance Award Program.
All associates of the company and approved affiliates of
the company (“Participating Employers”) are eligible to
participate in the Plan, except:
• If you are restricted or prohibited from participating in the
Plan under the law of your state or country of residence,
you may not participate in the Plan or your participation in
the Plan may be limited. It is your responsibility to ensure
there are no such restrictions or prohibitions on your
participation in the Plan.
• You must have attained the age of majority in your state
of residence or employment to participate. It is your
responsibility to ensure you are of sufficient age to
participate. The company may terminate your participation
if it discovers you are not of legally sufficient age to
participate in the Plan.
• If you are a member of a collective bargaining unit
whose benefits were the subject of good faith collective
bargaining, you are excluded from participation in the Plan.
• If your employer is a non-U.S. Participating Employer,
you may participate only if you are an approved associate
(listed by group, category or by individual).
• If you are an officer of Walmart subject to subsection
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise
subject to our Insider Trading Policy, your ability to change
your biweekly deduction amounts, acquire, or sell shares of
Stock may be restricted at certain times.
under the Plan, they may also purchase shares of Stock by
making voluntary contributions to the Plan out of their other
funds. Under the Outstanding Performance Award Program,
the company may reward associates for exceptional job
performance by awarding shares of Stock to them.
We believe that the Plan is not subject to any provisions of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended. The Plan is not qualified under Section 401(a) or
423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Plan administration;
account management
The Plan provides that the Compensation and Management
Development Committee of our Board of Directors (the
“Committee”) has the overall authority for administering
the Plan. The Committee may delegate (and revoke the
delegation of) some or all aspects of Plan administration
to the officers or managers of the company or of a
wholly‑owned or majority-owned subsidiary of the company
(which subsidiaries are referred to in this Prospectus as
“affiliates”), subject to terms as it deems appropriate. The
members of the Committee are selected by Walmart’s Board
of Directors. The Board of Directors may remove a member
from the Committee at its discretion, and a member will
cease to be a Committee member if he or she ceases to
be a director of Walmart for any reason. At the date of this
Prospectus, the members of the Committee were Ms. Carla
Harris, Ms. Marissa Mayer, and Mr. Randall Stephenson.
The Committee has selected a Third-Party Administrator,
currently Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
(“Computershare”), to establish and maintain accounts
under the Plan. Computershare also serves as the company’s
stock transfer agent and provides other stock‑related
services to the company and its shareholders.
The Committee, as administrator of the Plan, or its delegate,
must follow the terms of the Plan, but otherwise has full
power and discretion to administer the Plan, including, but
not limited to, the power to: (i) determine when, to whom
and in what types and amounts contributions should be
made; (ii) authorize the company to make contributions to
eligible associates in any number and to determine the terms
and conditions applicable to each such contribution; (iii) set
a minimum and maximum dollar, share or other limitation
on the various contributions permitted under the Plan;
(iv) determine whether an entity of which we own more than
50% or otherwise control, directly or indirectly (an “affiliate”)
should become (or cease to be) a Participating Employer (as
defined below); (v) determine whether (and which) associates
of non-U.S. Participating Employers should be eligible to
participate in the Plan; (vi) make all determinations deemed
PROSPECTUS
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP)
328
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
If you are on a bona fide leave of absence from the company
or a Participating Employer, you will continue to be eligible
to make contributions to the Plan during your leave of
absence, but you will not be eligible for company matching
contributions during that time. If you are on a military leave
of absence from the company or a Participating Employer,
please contact the Benefits Department to see whether you
are eligible to receive company matching contributions during
your leave. Please note that you must make contributions
from your own funds if you are not receiving a paycheck while
you are on a leave of absence, as payroll deduction would
not be available as an option. Any other circumstances which
would permit you to continue to participate in the Plan while
on a leave of absence must be approved by the Committee.
Plan contributions—Associate Stock
Purchase Program
To make payroll deduction contributions, you need
to complete a benefits online enrollment session at
One.Walmart.com/ASPP. Once you have properly enrolled
in the Plan, your payroll deduction contributions will
continue in accordance with your most recent payroll
deduction authorization (subject to any restrictions
imposed by the Plan) as long as you are employed by the
company or a Participating Employer, unless you change or
terminate your payroll deduction authorization or the Plan
itself is terminated.
Please note that no deduction will be drawn from any
paycheck in which your payroll deduction contribution
exceeds your net pay after taxes are withheld. You can
change or terminate your payroll deduction authorization
by completing a benefits online enrollment session at
One.Walmart.com/ASPP. Your request will be processed
as soon as practicable. Your enrollment or request may be
delayed or rejected if your enrollment or requested change
is prohibited at the time of the attempted enrollment or
the request by any company policy, including the company’s
Insider Trading Policy.
Note that payroll deduction contributions are generally
taken from your last paycheck as an associate. If you do not
want to have payroll deduction contributions taken from
your last paycheck, it is important that you timely terminate
your payroll deduction authorization. If you work in a state
that requires your last paycheck to be paid outside of the
normal payroll cycle, payroll deduction contributions will
not be taken out of your last paycheck.
Payroll deductions can be as little as $2 or as much as
$1,000 per biweekly payroll period. The amount of any
biweekly deduction in excess of the minimum must be in $1
increments. The Company or your Participating Employer
will make a matching cash contribution on your behalf to
your Plan account when you make contributions to the
Plan by payroll deduction. The matching contribution is
currently fifteen percent (15%) of the first $1,800 you
contribute to the Plan by payroll deduction, or up to $270
per Plan year. The company’s matching contribution will be
used to buy Stock for your Plan account.
If you participate or have participated in payroll deductions
under the Plan and your Plan account has not been closed as
described below, you can also voluntarily contribute cash (in
U.S. dollars) from your other resources to fund the purchase
of Stock under the Plan to be held in your Plan account,
including after your employment with the Company or any
Participating Employer has been terminated. Any voluntary
contributions must be made directly to Computershare.
Instructions for making such voluntary contributions are
available from Computershare. Neither the Company nor
your Participating Employer will make matching contributions
on amounts you contribute directly to Computershare. In
addition, you may also deposit shares of Stock that you hold
outside of the Plan (whether you originally acquired those
shares through the Plan or otherwise) to your Plan account
by making arrangements directly with Computershare.
The total of your payroll deductions and voluntary cash
contributions to the Plan cannot exceed $125,000 per Plan
year (April 1 through March 31). Dividends credited to your
Plan account will not count against the maximum.
The Committee establishes and may change the maximum
and minimum contributions, may change the conditions for
voluntary cash or Stock contributions, and may change the
amount of the matching contributions of an employer at
any time.
OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCE
AWARD PROGRAM
Under the Outstanding Performance Award component,
you can be granted an award of Stock for demonstrating
outstanding performance in your job over the period of
a month, a quarter or a year. The Committee approves
all Outstanding Performance Awards and sets maximum
dollar limitations on these awards periodically.
Your Stock under the Outstanding Performance Award
component will be delivered through an account maintained
on your behalf by Computershare.
PROSPECTUS
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP)
329
STOCK PURCHASES
Your employer will send all payroll deductions along with
any matching contributions to Computershare as soon as
practicable following each pay period. Computershare will
purchase Stock for your Plan account no later than five (5)
business days after it receives the funds. If you make a
voluntary cash contribution outside of payroll deductions,
Computershare will purchase your Stock with that voluntary
cash contribution no later than five (5) business days after it
receives the funds.
Computershare may purchase Stock for the Plan accounts
on a national stock exchange, from the company, or from a
combination of these places. The Committee reserves the
right to direct Computershare to purchase from a particular
source, consistent with applicable securities rules and the
applicable rules of any national stock exchange.
Typically, when Computershare purchases Stock for the
Plan on a national stock exchange, the shares are purchased
as part of a bundled group rather than individually for
each participant. In some instances, the shares of Stock
for a bundled group must be purchased for the Plan over
more than one day. When shares of Stock are purchased
for you as part of a bundled group, your purchase price for
each share of Stock will be equal to the average price of all
shares of Stock purchased for that group as determined by
Computershare. A participant is not permitted to direct an
order for Computershare to purchase shares of Stock solely
for himself or herself that are part of the bundled group.
If Computershare buys shares of Stock from the company,
whether authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares,
the per-share price paid to the company for those shares of
Stock will be equal to the Volume Weighted Average Price
(VWAP) as reported on the NYSE—Composite Transactions
on the date of purchase. The VWAP is the weighted
average of the prices at which all trades of the company’s
Stock are made on the NYSE on the date the Stock is
purchased from the company. While the Plan permits the
Committee to designate another methodology for valuing
Stock purchased from the company, as of the date of this
Prospectus no other methodology has been designated.
The number of shares allocated to your Plan account in
connection with any purchase of Stock will equal the total
amount of the contributions and dividends available for your
Plan account, divided by the purchase price for each share
of Stock attributable to those purchases as discussed above.
Non-U.S. Participants Please Note: All amounts contributed
to the Plan by payroll deduction, all matching contributions,
and any contributions made pursuant to the Outstanding
Performance Award component will be converted from
your local currency to U.S. dollars prior to the time the
shares of Stock are purchased. Generally, the exchange rate
used is the one for the business day immediately prior to
the day the funds are sent to Computershare; however, that
may not be practicable in all circumstances. All voluntary
cash contributions must be converted to U.S. dollars before
being sent to Computershare to purchase shares of Stock.
Stock ownership, fees, and risks
STOCK OWNERSHIP
From the time that shares of Stock are credited to your
Plan account, you will have full ownership of those shares
(including any fractional shares) of Stock. The shares
of Stock held in your Plan account will be registered in
Computershare’s name until you do one of three things:
request to have your shares deposited into a “General
Shareholder” account; have your Stock certificates
delivered to you from the Plan account; or you sell the
shares credited to your Plan account. You may not assign
or transfer any interest in the Plan before shares are
credited to your account; however, you may sell, transfer,
assign or otherwise deal with your shares of Stock
credited to your Plan account once they are credited
to your Plan account, similar to any other shareholders
of the company. You may not transfer or assign your
Plan account to another person who is not an eligible
participant in the Plan. The company does not maintain an
automatic lien or security interest on the shares of Stock
held in your Plan account, and the terms of the Plan do
not provide for anyone to have or to have the ability to
create a lien on any funds or shares of Stock credited to
your Plan account; however, you may pledge, hypothecate
or deal with the shares of Stock credited to your Plan
accounts in the same manner as you may with other shares
of Stock you may own, subject to compliance with our
Insider Trading Policy.
DIVIDENDS AND VOTING
Dividends on shares in your account will be automatically
reinvested in additional shares of Stock. You will be able to
direct the vote on each full share of Stock held in your Plan
account, but not fractional shares. You will receive at no
cost and as promptly as practicable (by mail or otherwise)
all notices of meetings, proxy statements, notices of
internet availability of proxy materials and other materials
distributed by the company to its shareholders. To vote the
shares of Stock held in your Plan account, you must deliver
in a timely manner signed voting instructions, also known
as proxy instructions, described in the company’s proxy
materials. If you do not provide properly completed and
PROSPECTUS
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP)
330
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
executed voting instructions as described in the company’s
proxy materials, your shares will not be voted with respect
to any election of directors, any advisory vote on executive
compensation, or many other matters that may be subject
to a shareholder vote. In those circumstances, your shares
of Stock may be voted in the manner recommended
by the company in its proxy statement or as directed
by the Committee on matters defined by the NYSE as
“routine,” such as the ratification of the appointment of the
company’s independent auditors, provided that doing so
would comply with applicable law and any applicable listing
standard of a national stock exchange.
FEES AND ACCOUNT STATEMENTS
The company pays all fees associated with the purchase of
Stock. Generally, no maintenance fees or other charges will
be assessed to your Plan account as long as you are employed
by the company or one of its affiliates (even if that affiliate is
not a Participating Employer). You must pay any commissions
or charges resulting from other Computershare services you
request, for example, brokerage commissions and other fees
applicable to the sale of Stock. Computershare can advise if
a particular request will incur a charge. The fees charged by
Computershare described in this Prospectus are subject to
change periodically.
At least annually, you will receive a statement of your
account under the Plan, reflecting all activity with
respect to your Plan account for the time specified in
the statement. You may elect to receive your statements
online. If you do so, you will receive an email informing
you that your statement is ready and can be found on
computershare.com/walmart. Your annual statement will
also contain important tax information. It is very important
that you keep your statement so that you will know the
difference between your purchase price and sales price of
any shares of Stock you sell. You will need this information
for preparation of your income tax return.
You may also access information regarding your account
at any time by logging on to computershare.com/walmart
or the Associate Stock app. You can access your account
information by phone at 800-438-6278 (hearing impaired
800-952-9245).
If you request replacement statements from
Computershare, there is currently a $5 charge per statement
for statements for years preceding the most recently
completed Plan year. You can obtain copies free of charge
through the website at computershare.com/walmart.
RISKS
Many of your risks of Plan participation are the same as
those of any other shareholder of the company, in that you
assume the risk that the value of the Stock may increase or
decrease. There are no guarantees as to the value of a share
of Stock. This means that you assume the risk of fluctuations
in the value or market price of the Stock. Our latest Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC and as noted below,
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, discusses, and
other of our reports filed with the SEC may discuss, certain
risks relating to the company, its operations and financial
performance that can affect the value, market price and
liquidity of the Stock. The company urges you to review
those discussions in connection with any determination
to participate in the Plan, to change the terms of your
participation in the Plan, to terminate your participation in
the Plan, or to make any voluntary contributions under the
Plan.
If you are a non-U.S. participant, you also assume the
risk of fluctuation in currency exchange rates. Also, your
payroll deductions (as well as the corresponding matching
contributions) are applied by Computershare to purchase
shares of Stock, such funds are considered general assets
of the company or the Participating Employer and, as such,
are subject to the claims of the company’s or Participating
Employer’s creditors. No interest will be paid on any
contributions to the Plan.
Stock certificate delivery and
Stock sales
Computershare will send you, on request, a stock certificate
representing any or all full shares of Stock credited to
your Plan account at no cost to you. Your shares that are
represented by a stock certificate will no longer be credited
or otherwise related to any Plan account that you maintain
and the dividends related to those shares will not be
reinvested under the Plan.
You may also have Computershare transfer any or all the
shares of Stock credited to your Plan account into your
name in the Direct Registration System. Such a transfer
means that you would hold your shares as “book-entry”
securities and your ownership would be shown on our stock
transfer records and represented by a statement which
shows your holdings of shares of Stock.
You may at any time request that Computershare sell all or
a portion of the shares of Stock (including any fractional
interests) credited to your Plan account, whether or not you
want to close your Plan account.
PROSPECTUS
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP)
331
You will be charged a brokerage commission, as well as
any other applicable fees, if for any reason you have
Computershare sell shares of Stock held in your Plan account.
Any brokerage commission or fees will be at the rates
posted by Computershare from time to time. These rates
are available upon request from Computershare. A current
schedule of Computershare’s fees applicable to the Plan
can be found at computershare.com/walmart. The company
negotiated the amount of such fees with Computershare.
If you choose to sell your Stock, your Stock will be sold
pursuant to a market order. Although the Plan permits sales
of shares of Stock held in Plan accounts to be made through
batch orders and such sales have been made through batch
orders in the past, sales of shares of Stock under the Plan
are now made solely pursuant to market orders. As a result,
if you direct Computershare to sell any shares of Stock
credited to your Plan account, Computershare will sell
those shares in the open market at the then current best
available price. Please note the price at which your order will
be executed is not guaranteed, and the last-traded price for
the Stock prior to the execution of your order to sell your
shares of Stock is not necessarily the price at which your
order will be executed. From time to time, we repurchase
shares of Stock in the open market under a stock repurchase
program adopted by our Board of Directors. As a result, if
Computershare sells shares credited to your Plan account in
the open market, we could be the purchaser of such shares.
We will typically not know if any of the shares of Stock
we purchase in the open market are purchased from you.
Your shares of Stock will be sold as soon as your request
can reasonably be processed. Generally, market orders are
executed immediately after they are placed. We expect that
any sales of your shares of Stock will be executed over the
NYSE, but orders for those sales need not be executed over
the NYSE. If the NYSE is closed when your order is ready
to be processed, your sale transaction will be processed as
early as practicable on the next NYSE trading day. Orders
for the sale of shares of Stock under the Plan may be
executed by or through an affiliate of Computershare that
is registered with the SEC as a broker-dealer under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Sales of the Stock will be
made in U.S. dollars. If you are employed outside the U.S. by
a Participating Employer and if provided by Computershare
for your country, the proceeds from the sale may be
converted for a fee to another currency if you request it
when you request your Stock to be sold. If the proceeds
are converted to another currency, the exchange rate that
will be used is generally the exchange rate one business day
immediately after the day of the trade, but that may not be
practicable in all circumstances.
Termination of participation;
account closure
Once you become a participant in the Plan, you will remain
a participant until you elect to close your Plan account
and all Stock and sale proceeds credited to it have been
distributed out of your Plan account, or until all Stock
and sale proceeds have been distributed from your Plan
account after your employment with the company or one
of its affiliates has terminated.
If you terminate your payroll deduction authorization, or
your employment with the company and all its affiliates has
terminated, you may choose to continue your Plan account;
or you may close your Plan account if you specify this to
Computershare. Specifically:
• You may keep your Plan account open (without the
weekly or biweekly payroll deduction and your employer’s
matching contributions). If you keep your account open,
you may continue to make voluntary cash contributions
and no brokerage commissions will be charged on the
purchase of Stock. If you cease to be employed by the
company or one of its affiliates, an annual maintenance
fee will be charged to your account. Computershare has
the option to collect such maintenance fee either in the
form of quarterly installments, or in an annual lump sum
payment, which is due in the first quarter of each calendar
year and will be paid by means of the sale of an appropriate
number of shares or portion of a share of Stock by
Computershare. (If you are transferred to a company
affiliate that is not a Participating Employer, the company
may continue to pay the maintenance fee for you.)
• If you own at least one full share of Stock, you may close
your Plan account by moving your Stock into a “General
Shareholder” account maintained on your behalf by
Computershare. You may accomplish this move either by
receiving all full shares in certificate form with a check
for any fractional share ownership or by re-depositing
the shares in the General Shareholder account, or
Computershare can move the shares electronically at your
request. You should contact Computershare for more
information about the fees associated with a General
Shareholder account.
• You may close your Plan account by having all shares
of Stock in your account sold and the proceeds paid to
you, or you can have certificates for full shares (and cash
proceeds of any fractional shares paid to you) delivered to
you instead. The proceeds of any sale of full or fractional
shares will be net of brokerage commissions, sales fees
and other applicable charges. Your account will be closed
automatically if you terminate employment and there are
no shares or fractional shares in your account.
PROSPECTUS
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP)
332
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
If you die before your Plan account has been closed, your
Plan account will be distributed per the legal documentation
submitted to Computershare or to your estate, unless
you had previously arranged with Computershare to
have your stock held in a joint account. In the event you
have a joint account, the joint account holder may either
make arrangements with Computershare to move your
shares into a General Shareholder account maintained by
Computershare at his or her own expense or to have the
Stock (or proceeds from the sale thereof) distributed, less
any applicable fees or commissions.
If you established a joint tenant account prior to April 1,
2018, you may contact Computershare at 800-438-6278
(hearing impaired: 800-952-9245) to remove a joint tenant
from your account.
Plan amendment and termination
The Plan has no set expiration date. The Board of
Directors of the company, the Committee or any other
duly appointed committee of the Board of Directors may
amend or terminate the Plan at any time. However, if
shareholder approval of an amendment is required under
law or the applicable rules of a national stock exchange, the
amendment will be subject to that approval. No amendment
or termination of the Plan will cause you to forfeit: (1) any
funds you have contributed to the Plan or matching funds
the company has contributed that have not yet been used
to purchase shares of Stock; (2) any shares (or fractional
shares) of the Stock credited to your Plan account; or (3) any
dividends or distributions declared with respect to the Stock
after you have made a contribution to the Plan but before
the effective date of the amendment or termination.
Tax information
The following summary of the U. S. income tax
consequences of the Plan is based on the Internal Revenue
Code and any regulations thereunder as in effect as of the
date of this Prospectus. The summary does not cover any
state or local income taxes or taxes in jurisdictions other
than the United States. You should consult your tax advisor
regarding individual tax consequences before purchasing
Stock under the Plan.
STOCK PURCHASES UNDER THE STOCK
PURCHASE PLAN
You have no federal income tax consequences when you
enroll in the Plan or when shares of Stock are purchased
for you under the Stock Purchase Plan either by payroll
deduction or voluntary contribution. The amount of your
payroll deductions and any voluntary contributions under
the Plan are not deductible for purposes of determining
your federal taxable income. The amount of your wages
that you have deducted under the Plan and the full value of
company matching contributions are ordinary income to
you in the calendar year of deduction or the contribution
and will be reported on your pay stub and your W-2. The
company deducts all applicable wage withholding and other
required taxes from your other compensation (by increasing
your payroll withholding and other tax deductions for
such purposes) with respect to the amount of your wages
deducted under the Plan and the matching contributions
to your Plan account, if any. The company is entitled to a
tax deduction equivalent to the amount of the matching
contribution in the same year as you realize the income.
OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCE AWARDS
UNDER THE OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCE
AWARD PROGRAM
Stock grants under the Outstanding Performance Award
Program are taxable as ordinary income in the calendar year
of the award, regardless of whether the Stock certificates
are given directly to you or the Stock is awarded to your
Plan account. Your ordinary income will be the market
value of a share of Stock on the date the award is granted,
times the number of shares of Stock granted. The market
value of any Stock awarded will be reported on your W-2.
The company will deduct applicable wage withholding and
other required taxes from your other compensation (by
increasing your payroll deduction for such purposes). The
company is entitled to a tax deduction in equal amount and
in the same year as you realize the ordinary income.
STOCK SALES OR CERTIFICATE DISTRIBUTIONS
You will not recognize any taxable income when you request
to have certificates delivered to you for some or all the
shares of Stock held in your Plan account. When you sell or
otherwise dispose of your shares of Stock—whether through
Computershare or later after you have received your Stock
certificates—the difference between the fair market value
of the Stock at the time of sale and the fair market value
of the Stock on the date you acquired it will be taxed as
a capital gain or loss. The holding period to determine
whether the capital gain or loss is long-term or short-term
will begin on the date you acquire the Stock (i.e., the date
the Stock is credited to your Plan account). The company
will have no deduction as a result of your disposition of
shares of Stock and will not be liable for the payment of any
PROSPECTUS
The Associate Stock Purchase Plan (ASPP)
333
income or other taxes payable by you on any gain you may
realize on the sale of the shares of Stock or imposed on or in
connection with the sale transaction.
Available information
To obtain additional information about the Plan or its
administrators, please call People Services: 800‑421‑1362.
You can also write to:
Walmart People Services
Walmart Inc.
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-0295
Computershare may be contacted by calling
800‑438‑6278 (800 GET‑MART) (hearing impaired:
800-952-9245), online at computershare.com/walmart, or
by writing to the following address for all correspondence,
including transactions, Stock certificate requests,
Stock powers, voluntary purchases and any customer
service inquiries:
Computershare
Attn: Walmart ASPP
P.O. Box 43080
Providence, Rhode Island 02940-3080
Electronic delivery of prospectuses
and other documents
To help reduce costs of operating the Plan and to help
with our sustainability efforts, we ask you to allow us
to deliver prospectuses and other documents related
to the Plan electronically and that you access the
prospectuses and documents we provide to participants
in the Plan via One.Walmart.com. Your enrollment in the
Plan will constitute your consent to receive or access
communications from us about the Plan and prospectuses
relating to the purchase of shares of Stock under the
Plan electronically through access on One.Walmart.com,
unless you affirmatively elect to receive paper copies of
such communications. At any time after enrollment you
may revoke that consent by sending a written revocation
of the consent to receive Plan documents electronically
to the Benefits Department at the address appearing
below. In addition, you may request a paper copy of
the then current prospectus relating to purchases of
shares of Stock under the Plan and of our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K by writing the Benefits
Department and those documents will be provided to
you free of charge.
Documents incorporated
by reference
The following documents filed by the company with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”)
(File No. 1-6991) are hereby incorporated by reference in
and made a part of this Prospectus:
• The company’s Annual Report on Form 10‑K for the fiscal
year ended January 31, 2022;
• The company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10‑Q for the
fiscal quarters ended April 30, 2022 and July 31, 2022;
• The company’s Current Reports on Form 8‑K filed with
the Commission on June 3, 2022;
• The company’s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2022
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, filed with the Commission
on April 21, 2022; and
• Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on
Form S-8 (File No. 333-214060)
All documents filed by the company pursuant to Sections
13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) on or after the date of this
Prospectus shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference
in this Prospectus and to be a part hereof from the date of
filing of such documents, except for information furnished to
the Commission that is not deemed to be “filed” for purposes
of the Exchange Act (such documents, and the documents
listed above, being hereinafter referred to as “Incorporated
Documents”). Any statement contained in an Incorporated
Document shall be deemed to be modified or superseded
for purposes of this Prospectus to the extent that a
statement contained herein or in any other subsequently
filed Incorporated Document modifies or supersedes such
statement. Any such statement so modified or superseded
shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded,
to constitute a part of the Section 10(a) prospectus of the
company relating to purchases under the Plan of the shares
of Stock described on the cover page of this Prospectus. This
document and the documents incorporated by reference
herein constitute such Section 10(a) prospectus.
These documents and the company’s latest Annual Report
to Shareholders and any other documents required to be
delivered to you under Rule 428(b) under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, are available to you without charge
upon written or oral request. Please direct your requests
for documents to:
Walmart Inc.
Benefits Department
508 SW 8th Street
Bentonville, Arkansas 72716-0295
Or you may call People Services: 800-421-1362.
PROSPECTUS
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT… WEBSITE PHONE
When you’re eligible for benefits or how to enroll One.Walmart.com/Benefits People Services: 800-421-1362
Medical benefits, claims, or care management See Find a doctor and get medical plan help on the next page
Naming your beneficiaries One.Walmart.com/Beneficiary People Services: 800-421-1362
Pharmacy benefits One.Walmart.com/Prescriptions OptumRx: 844-705-7493
Health savings account (HSA) for associates
enrolled in the Saver Plan
One.Walmart.com/Saver
Learn.HealthEquity.com/Walmart/HSA
HealthEquity: 866-296-2860
Centers of Excellence One.Walmart.com/COE BlueAdvantage: 866-823-3790
Aetna, Chicago metro, south FL:
800-525-6257
Aetna, GA, OH: 800-626-9170
Aetna, AK, AL, AR, AZ, CO, IA, IL,
IN, KY, LA, MN, MO, MS, NC, SC,
TN, VA, WI, WV: 833-554-1544
Aetna, other states: 855-548-2387
UMR: 855-870-9177
HealthSCOPE: 800-804-1272
(Or see back of plan ID card)
Digestive health program:
AK, AL, AR, AZ, CO, GA, IA, IL, IN, KY, LA, MN,
MO, MS, NC, OH, SC, TN, VA, WI, WV
One.Walmart.com/GIThrive GIThrive: 833-336-9488
(Or see back of plan ID card)
Digital physical therapy program:
AK, AL, AR, AZ, CO, GA, IA, IL, IN, KY, LA, MN,
MO, MS, NC, OH, SC, TN, VA, WI, WV
One.Walmart.com/OmadaHealth (See back of plan ID card)
Vision plan One.Walmart.com/Vision VSP: 866-240-8390
Dental plan One.Walmart.com/Dental Delta Dental: 800-462-5410
Short-term disability insurance One.Walmart.com/ShortTermDisability
(CA, CT, DC, HI, MA, NJ, NY, RI, WA;
refer to state guide)
Sedgwick/Lincoln: 800-492-5678
Long-term disability insurance One.Walmart.com/LongTermDisability Lincoln: 877-353-6404
Accident and critical illness insurance One.Walmart.com/Accident
One.Walmart.com/Critical
Allstate Benefits: 800-514-9525
Life, accidental death and dismemberment
(AD&D), and business travel accident insurance
One.Walmart.com/Life
One.Walmart.com/ADD
Prudential: 877-740-2116
Resources for Living One.Walmart.com/RFL 800-825-3555, available 24/7
Quit Tobacco One.Walmart.com/QuitTobacco Kick Buts: 855-955-1905
Walmart 401(k) Plan One.Walmart.com/401k
Benefits.ML.com
Merrill: 888-968-4015
Associate Stock Purchase Plan One.Walmart.com/ASPP
ComputerShare.com/Walmart
ComputerShare: 800-438-6278
For more information
For more information
335
Find a doctor and get medical plan help
Your contact information for medical plan help depends on two things:
• Where you work, or in some cases which plan you’re enrolled in.
• Which of our four plan administrators serves your area. You’ll find yours on the back of your plan ID card.
LOCATION OR PLAN PLAN
ADMINISTRATOR FIND A DOCTOR CLAIMS, CUSTOMER SERVICE,
CARE MANAGEMENT
Most areas BlueAdvantage
Aetna
HealthSCOPE
IncludedHealth.com/Walmart
IncludedHealth: 800-941-1384
Virtual doctor visit:
One.Walmart.com/DOD
BlueAdvantage: 866-823-3790
Aetna: 855-548-2387
HealthSCOPE: 800-804-1272
Most areas UMR IncludedHealth.com/Walmart
UMR: 855-870-9177
Virtual doctor visit:
One.Walmart.com/DOD
UMR: 855-870-9177
IL, IN, MO, NC, SC, VA BlueAdvantage
Aetna
IncludedHealth.com/Walmart
Personal Healthcare Assistant:
855-377-2200
Virtual primary care doctor:
One.Walmart.com/VirtualPrimaryCare
Included Health: 855-377-2200
AL, CO, IA, IL, MN, MO, MS,
NC, SC, WI
UMR IncludedHealth.com/Walmart
UMR: 855-870-9177
Virtual primary care doctor:
One.Walmart.com/VirtualPrimaryCare
UMR: 855-870-9177
AK, AL, AR, AZ, CO, GA, IA,
KY, LA, MN, MS, OH, TN,
WI, WV
BlueAdvantage
Aetna
IncludedHealth.com/Walmart
Included Health: 800-941-1384
Virtual primary care doctor:
One.Walmart.com/VirtualPrimaryCare
Included Health: 800-941-1384
(care management)
Aetna, GA and OH: 800-626-9170
Aetna, other states: 833-554-1544
BlueAdvantage: 866-823-3790
TX: Austin, Dallas, Houston,
San Antonio
AR: Northwest Arkansas
OK: Tulsa, Oklahoma City
FL: Tampa, Orlando,
Jacksonville, Gainesville,
West Palm Beach,
Port St. Lucie
BlueAdvantage IncludedHealth.com/Walmart
BlueAdvantage: 866-823-3790
Virtual primary care doctor, AR only:
One.Walmart.com/VirtualPrimaryCare
Virtual doctor visit, all other areas:
One.Walmart.com/DOD
BlueAdvantage: 866-823-3790
FL: Port Charlotte,
Cape Coral/Ft. Myers,
Naples, Miami/
Ft. Lauderdale
Aetna IncludedHealth.com/Walmart
Aetna: 800-525-6257
Virtual doctor visit:
One.Walmart.com/DOD
Aetna: 800-525-6257
IL, IN: Chicago metro Aetna
BlueAdvantage
IncludedHealth.com/Walmart
Aetna: 800-525-6257
BlueAdvantage: 866-823-3790
Virtual primary care doctor:
One.Walmart.com/VirtualPrimaryCare
Aetna: 855-548-2387
BlueAdvantage: 866-823-3790
(Continued on the next page)
For more information
336
2023 Associate Benefits Book | Questions? Log on to One.Walmart.com or call People Services at 800-421-1362
LOCATION OR PLAN PLAN
ADMINISTRATOR FIND A DOCTOR CLAIMS, CUSTOMER SERVICE,
CARE MANAGEMENT
Mercy Arkansas
Local Plan
HealthSCOPE IncludedHealth.com/Walmart
Included Health: 800-941-1384
Virtual primary care doctor:
One.Walmart.com/VirtualPrimaryCare
HealthSCOPE Benefits:
800-804-1272
Banner Local Plan Aetna IncludedHealth.com/Walmart
Aetna: 855-548-2387
Virtual primary care doctor:
One.Walmart.com/VirtualPrimaryCare
Aetna: 855-548-2387
Hawaii HMSA
Kaiser
HMSA.com: 808-948-6111
KP.org: 800-966-5955
HMSA.com: 808-948-6111
KP.org: 800-966-5955
PPO Plan Aetna IncludedHealth.com/Walmart
Included Health: 800-941-1384
Virtual doctor visit:
Teladoc.com/Aetna
Aetna: 855-548-2387
Teladoc: 800-835-2362
Associates enrolled in HMO plans: Find a doctor and get medical plan help
If you have questions about finding a doctor, benefits, medical claims, or care management for an HMO plan:
HMO PLAN WEBSITE PHONE
Geisinger Health Plan
Geisinger Extra Health Pan
Geisinger Health Plan—Eastern
Geisinger Extra Health Plan—Eastern
GeisingerHealthPlan.com Geisinger: 844-863-6850
Health Net Low Option ExcelCare
Health Net High Option ExcelCare
Health Net Salud y Mas HMO
HealthNet.com Health Net: 800-722-5342
HMSA Hawaii HMSA.com HMSA: 808-948-6111
Kaiser of California kp.org 800-464-4000 (English)
800-788-0616 (Spanish)
Kaiser of Colorado kp.org Denver metro: 303-338-3800
Other areas: 800-632-9700
Kaiser of Georgia kp.org Atlanta metro: 404-261-2590
Other areas: 888-865-5813
Kaiser of Hawaii kp.org Kaiser: 800-966-5955
Kaiser of the Mid-Atlantic Low-MD
Kaiser of the Mid-Atlantic Low-VA
kp.org Kaiser: 855-249-5018
Kaiser of Oregon kp.org Portland area: 503-813-2000
Other areas: 800-813-2000
Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of WA kp.org Kaiser: 888-901-4636
Find a doctor and get medical plan help (continued) 
For more information
337


2023 Associate Benefits Book | Summary Plan Descriptions
Version 1.5 | © 2023 Walmart Inc.