This is the URL that can be used to cite the sources: https://one.walmart.com/content/people-experience/wlfc/services/services/fitness-pass.html

With Fitness Pass you can get fit where you work, live, and travel for as little as $9 per paycheck. If you’re a full-time, part-time, or temporary U.S. associate, that is 18 or older it’s available to you and your spouse or partner and dependents ages 18-26. With COVID-19 restrictions varying across the country, here are some things to keep in mind: Questions? Please call 833-236-0181 Monday–Friday 8 a.m.–8 p.m. ET Membership Options keyboard_arrow_right close Fitness Locations keyboard_arrow_right close Get Started keyboard_arrow_right close FAQs keyboard_arrow_right close Member Log in keyboard_arrow_right close Membership Options keyboard_arrow_right close Choose Your Membership Level Fitness Pass CORE Fitness Pass POWER Fitness Pass ULTRA *If your work location is in: California, Connecticut, Indiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey, or West Virginia, state laws do not allow for a payroll deduction for this type of program in your state. Log in to view the alternative monthly payment option and steps to enroll. Membership Perks Your membership includes your spouse/partner and your dependents age 18-25 for no additional fee. Unlimited visits to any of the fitness locations in the membership level you select. All the amenities that are part of a basic membership at the fitness locations. Make changes to your membership level at any time. Register Here Log in with your OneWalmart user ID and password. Fitness Locations keyboard_arrow_right close Locations, Locations, Locations! Find the best fit for your fitness. Unlimited visits to thousands of locations near where you work, live, and travel. Get Started keyboard_arrow_right close Start Using Your Fitness Pass Register Choose the membership level that works best for you: Register Here Membership Card After registering, digital membership cards for each person are available to download in your member profile. Save your membership card image or print it out and take it to a participating club. You may need to let the staff member know you have joined the Tivity Health Prime fitness network. Find a Gym Search for a fitness location to visit in your membership level. You can visit as many different locations as you want in your membership level! Try it Out Show your Fitness Pass membership card to one of the participating locations on your first visit. Manage your Membership Login to your Member Profile to manage your membership. It's easy to add or remove eligible family members from your account, change membership level or cancel your membership. Log in to Profile FAQs keyboard_arrow_right close Learn More About Fitness Pass When will payroll deduction begin again for my Fitness Pass? Many states have allowed gyms to reopen. Please check with your specific gym location prior to visiting for any new procedures. You will be notified by email prior to payroll deductions/billing resuming for your membership. Please be sure your email address in your Fitness Pass member profile is current so that you can receive this information. Why is Walmart offering this new program? Mr. Sam had a core belief that, “The greatest asset of our company…is our people.” So, in 1983, he and his wife gave the gift of the Walton Life Fitness Center in Bentonville, Arkansas to support the health and well-being of the Walmart family. It’s time to expand Mr. Sam’s vision by offering associates across the country access to affordable fitness and wellness options. It’s just another way we’re helping you live better. Walmart has partnered with Tivity Health to offer associates affordable access to a network of fitness centers across the country through the Fitness Pass. Who can participate in this program? The Fitness Pass is available to any US-based Associate at least 18 years old, plus their spouse or domestic partner and dependents age 18-25*. All full-time, part-time, and temporary associates can choose to participate. Why can’t Associates under 18 participate? For legal reasons that require an Associate to sign a contract to participate in the program, the Associate must be at least 18. *Full eligibility rules for spouse/domestic partner and dependents: a. The Associate’s spouse or domestic partner is eligible to be on the membership at no additional cost. An individual is considered to be the Associate’s domestic partner for this purpose if he/she qualifies as a domestic partner under the definition used for the Walmart Associates’ Health and Welfare Plan. To fall within the definition, the Associate and his or her domestic partner must satisfy the following requirements: b. The Associate’s dependent children are eligible to be on the membership at no additional cost from age 18 through the end of the month in which they reach the age of 26. Dependent children for this purpose include the Associate’s natural, adopted, step, or foster children, children placed with the Associate for adoption, the children of the Associate’s domestic partner, and someone for whom the Associate has legal custody or guardianship if he/she is a member of the Associate’s household and the Associate provides more than half of his/her support. I work in CA, CT, IN, MA, NJ, WV. How do I enroll? State laws do not allow for a payroll deduction for this type of program in your state, so we’ve created an alternative monthly payment option so you can still take advantage of this program! To enroll, please call 833-236-0181 and listen for the option listing your state. Have the following information ready when you call: Membership fees will be charged on a monthly basis, plus tax where applicable* What does my Fitness Pass include? A Fitness Pass entitles members to use the facilities and amenities available as part of a basic membership at participating locations that are part of Tivity Health’s Prime Fitness Network. Participating locations may charge members directly for products or services not covered under a basic fitness membership. (For example, a member may be charged by the fitness center for personal training, group training and classes, towels, beverages, pool and sauna access, childcare, and other products and services not covered by the basic fitness membership at that location.) What is my user name and password to log in? You will log in with your regular Walmart UserID and password when enrolling or signing back in to your Member Profile. It's easy to remember, since you already need to know it for work. How do I use my Fitness Pass? As part of the registration process, you will be assigned a Fitness Pass digital membership card, with unique ID number. Membership cards for spouse/partner and dependents will be viewable in your online Member Profile. How do I make changes to my Fitness Pass? As the Associate, you can upgrade, downgrade, cancel or make changes to other eligible family members on your membership at any time by logging into your Member Profile on this Fitness Pass website. These changes are effective immediately. How can I request a fitness location to be added to the network? You can nominate locations through Tivity Health’s Customer Service by calling 833-236-0181 or by submitting them at https://onlinesubmission.tivityhealth.com/. Tivity does not directly respond to nomination requests, but will review them for suitability and potential inclusion. Member Log in keyboard_arrow_right close Login to your Member Profile to manage your account, download membership cards for yourself and your family members, or make changes to your Walton Life Fitness Pass membership. Log In to Profile Have questions or need help? Give us a call Monday-Friday 8 a.m.-8 p.m. ET at 833-236-0181.